mobile job recruitment truck , bringing opportunity straight to buffalo ' s most vulnerable residents
mysterious large constrictor crawled peacefully on a forest path next to the playground , brought save .
amid heat wave and power outage , west virginia strikes admission fees from public pools and opens cooling centers for those without power
anti poaching unit nabs 365 poachers in six months
lakewood woman wants to find boy who left $5 and sorry note on her door
japan keeps the defunct kami shirataki train station open for just one high school girl
launching year long campaign leading up to the 70th anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights .
three year old girl earns bravery award after dialling 999 to save her pregnant mother
court strikes down iowa ' s ' ag gag ' law that blocked undercover investigations
mom ' s facebook post praises store cashier for kindness towards son
pope francis admits: ' when i pray , sometimes i fall asleep ' . eighty year old argentinian pontiff , who often prays for long periods with his eyes closed , claims saints also napped while praying .
little dog survives 5 nights in the woods after family involved in 15 car crash
former homeless man becomes london ' s top bus driver
texas program to provide legal help to veterans goes national
til after " the worlds largest beach clean up " at mumbai ' s versova beach , olive ridley turtles returned to lay eggs for the first time in 20 years .
amherst middle school students recognized for helping veterans
fitted with bionic feet , a bulgarian cat seeks a new home
ted cruz introduced bill for congressional term limits to fight back corruption
pakistan unanimously passes legislation to try and stop honor killings
man in gilgit returns 1 million lost money to the owner
terminally ill dog gets free cheeseburgers for life at burger king
mcdonalds throws retirement party for longtime employee with down syndrome
india joins china banning imports of trash . global recycling crisis shows west cant use poorer countries as dumping grounds .
spain ' s ' robin hood restaurant ' charges the rich and feeds the poor
bruno mars donates $1 million to help flint water crisis
cricket record: pranav dhanawade hits 1 , 009 in school match
open sesame: science centre opens in jordan
a waimanalo man ' s act of bravery is being credited for saving a life during friday night ' s storm . a woman found herself trapped as the flood waters rose around her , but a neighbor jumped into action to help her .
seaworld is no longer going to breed killer whales , and they are changing in multiple new ways to help their animals .
size of an apple: girl becomes tiniest newborn to survive
surprise and tears secret santa enlists homeless man to give $100 bills to strangers
lemonade stand raises $2500 for city destroyed in wildfires .
gm ' s us workers to get $12 , 000 bonus bbc news
11 year old frank does a ' great job ' mowing white house lawn
a church service to protect an armenian refugee family from being deported in the netherlands just ended . it lasted 96 days , and involved 1 , 000 priests and pastors . dutch law forbids police from interrupting services . a deal was reached with the gov ' t to let the family stay .
santa isn ' t putting coal in the stockings of marijuana users !
islamic state: the us volunteer saving civilian lives on the frontlines
stolen magazine with beatles on cover back to ohio library 50 years later
rubens masterpiece ' rescued from stalin ' rediscovered in st petersburg
dad successfully donates part of his liver to save his baby daughter .
better late than never
new york could become first state to ban cat declawing
comcast opens up free wifi hotspot for next 2 weeks in a community hit by 4 tornadoes last week .
couple fosters 13 children left by addicted parents
frida the rescue dog who became a symbol of hope after deadly mexico earthquake retires
south african hunter ' eaten by crocodiles ' in zimbabwe
california zoo welcomes 5 baby flamingos after chick drought
coca cola and pepsico ditch ties to plastics industry association following pressure from greenpeace " a victory for every person that spoke up
smoking rate in u . s . hits all time low , cdc says
ice cream fanatic joe biden will soon have his own ice cream flavor
thank you from an appreciative mum
eco conscious hawaii could become first us state to ban plastics at restaurants
this store in india offers a shopping experience for the poor
love thy neighbor ? yes .
man completes one thousand 10k runs in 1000 days raising raising money for target ovarian cancer after his mother was diagnosed with the illness three years ago .
quadruple amputee golden retriever named 2018 american hero dog
baby bandicoot found sleeping under nesting duck
germany and britain will provide a combined $153 million to expand programs to fight climate change and deforestation in the amazon rainforest , according to a statement from the brazilian government on tuesday .
alberta boaters save a moosling .
tokyo passes law banning lgbtq discrimination
woman with down syndrome starts successful cookie business after job rejections
thousands of benefit claimants win legal victory over tory government ' s welfare appeals regime
i ' m possible: my 38 years of life in 25 minutes .
labatt brewing water to help those affected by fort mcmurray wildfire labatt is sending at least 200 , 000 cans of drinking water to alberta this week
woman stabbed 32 times by ex boyfriend marries first responder who rescued her
good samaritan leaves jackets in portland for those in need
the nonprofit paso pacifico is using fake sea turtle eggs to track poachers ! the eggs are 3d printed egg with a small compartment for a battery and tracking device .
aiming for ' green legacy ' , ethiopia plants 350m trees
this daring rescue [of the white helmet rescuers from syria to israel by countries including the united states , canada , jordan , israel and the united kingdom] shows international cooperation isn ' t dead after all
indy rallies around beloved blind broom man after post office bans him from selling his hand made brooms
wildlife expert adopts two headed snake discovered in new orleans backyard , names them file and gumbo because of their different personalities
the world needs more buffalo .
panda , 23 , has twins , becoming ' oldest panda to give birth '
iran welcomes us wrestling team after travel ban halted
stranger offers to pay for elderly man ' s mcdonald ' s as he tries to scrape together enough coins
anheuser busch stopped making beer to send cans of water to houston
ww ii veteran gets high school diploma 74 years later
a seriously ill toddler gets a ride in a batmobile with a police escort to a surprise birthday party
games done quick has officially raised over 2 million dollars for charity
a dog that transformed a 104 year old ' s life
environmental initiative: adidas sold 1 million shoes made out of ocean plastic in 2017
cleveland kidnapping victim reveals she is now happily married
cambodias endangered river dolphins at highest population in 20 years
hawaii to be carbon neutral by 2045: lawmakers , business innovators , and community advocates celebrated the passage of h . b . 2182 tuesday , which sets the goal of sequestering more atmospheric carbon and greenhouse gases than the state produces as quickly as practicable , but no later than 2045 .
sudan is witnessing a rise in youth led , environmental startups who want to protect their countrys future .
ohio family schedules prom for toddler with cancer as part of her bucket list
finland ' s homeless crisis nearly solved . the number of homeless people in finland has declined from a high of 18 , 000 30 years ago , to approximately 7 , 000 .
nice to see a bridge being built between 2 opposing religions
this college dropout was bedridden for 11 years . then he invented a surgery and cured himself
deaf idaho baby hears her mothers voice for the first time in adorable video
9 year old with cerebral palsy wins everton ' s goal of the month
an entire school in maine started learning sign language to welcome a deaf kindergartener
this undersea robot just delivered 100 , 000 baby corals to the great barrier reef
humanitys farthest and longest lived spacecraft , voyager 1 and 2 , achieve 40 years of operation and exploration this august and september . despite their vast distance , they continue to communicate with nasa daily , still probing the final frontier
3 year old fort mcmurray boy gets speeding ticket in miniature f 150
song for standing rock
black panther and leopard spotted together , tn photographer captures rare sighting
hikers find missing family in colorado wilderness
mischievous boy gets stuck in a toy machine but amused staff allow him to keep the teddy after his rescue
kanye west donates $500 , 000 to california wildfire relief
new program helps cancer survivors find work after treatment .
over half of young people ' would join an uprising against the state '
the power of breastmilk and a flight attendant
' can we have a party ? ' : terminally ill 19 year old chooses party over funeral
the story of why a stranger traded shoes with a homeless woman
record high sixty percent of americans would consider voting for an atheist president .
til that in russia . a cat saved an abandon baby by covering him and keeping him warm and meowed loudly to get the attention of a passersby .
turkish backed rebels in syria make major gains against isis
the parents of a 2 year old boy were told he had 2 months to live . so they decided to celebrate christmas early , and their ohio neighborhood followed suit .
women sees cat struggling to survive in snow , then goes to rescue and cat has sweetest " thank you
british mp told religious persecution of uyghur muslims is worse than maoist era
dog sacrificed his own life saving six train passengers from electrocution
bridal store owner and photographer bring wedding dresses to hospital room so an ill mother and her daughter can shop and pick a dress together .
this shuttle bus will serve people with vision , hearing , and physical impairments and drive itself
scientists claimed important breakthrough in battle against alzheimers after neutralising most significant gene responsible for disease for first time . team in california successfully identified protein associated with high risk apoe4 gene and manage to prevent it damaging human neuron cells .
this yellowknife love story began with a few cheese flavoured bacon strips
operators at nevada ' s new anti bullying hotline say it has saved dozens of lives
jim the greeter gets a new job
delta steps in to fly stranded nigerian soccer team to brazil free of charge
quick response to smoke detectors saves family of 5 from house fire
boy , 8 , donates 800 easter eggs to sick children in hospital and food banks
dog rescued from subway tracks in new york
trump signs bill ensuring 9/11 victims fund will never run out of money
nature throws humanity a softball , provides bugs that digest plastic
18 years of no honking earns kolkata driver manush sanman award
the return of a hollywood legend: steve mcqueen ' s mustang
this bowling alley uses its profit to fund a foodbank and just had its busiest summer yet !
102 year old becomes oldest skydiver in the world while jumping for charity
study says mental health of young adults with lesbian parents same as peers
michael bloomberg ' to write $4 . 5m cheque to cover us commitment to paris climate agreement ' : billionaire former mayor of new york says he hopes donald trump will change his mind and rejoin the pact next year .
as many as 300 , 000 women have registered for venezuela ' s humanized childbirth plan plan includes construction of pre birthing centers; shelters for pregnant women living in extreme poverty; community outreach , and training for medical professionals and public officials .
new zealand bans swimming with bottlenose dolphins after numbers plunge conservation research shows humans are loving the dolphins too much in bay of islands region
hey reddit , since so many people think kids only care about getting gifts for christmas we gave them a choice . they could pick either the gift they wanted most for christmas , or the gift they thought their family wanted most . i think you ' d like this .
tom hanks and rita wilson look happier than ever on date night after nearly 30 years of marriage
cute video shows no kill shelter putting old chairs to good use by letting rescue dogs curl up on them in their cages
jamie foxx just saved someone from a burning car .
the worlds greenest neighborhood has no parking spaces and heats homes with sunlight
good news for africas elephants: china is losing its taste for ivory
indianapolis school crowns first transgender prom king
sunken us warship found 76 years after infamous wwii tragedy
transgender officer to raise pride flag to fly over queensland police headquarters ( it ' s a bit of a puff piece , but i don ' t care it ' s a sign that things are changing , and that makes me so happy )
how a patient ' s ' crazy ' request for a new womb made history
my wife is a teacher and this is one of her students
bear in myanmar has giant tongue removed by team of vets
this is the koenigsegg jesko , and its the worlds first 300mph car
man trains rescue dogs to collect donations for veterans , all donations go to help disabled veterans get service dogs . so far 60 veterans have been given free service dogs because of his efforts .
renewable energy powers jobs for almost 10 million people
love what matters contacted me to share my weight loss and story of having my sons . i never would imagined being contacted and i am truly humbled . i hope this helps to inspire others .
10+ incredible before and after weight loss pics you wont believe show the same person
boston is training women to demand higher salaries
meet ruger: the american dog who put 150 african poachers out of business
texas boy , 8 , gets his wish as member of tcu swim team
a kenyan woman shares how a free $1 , 000 lifted her out of poverty for good
seattle man turns 100 , goes skydiving
teen who defied mother by getting vaccinated testifies before congress
teacher took buses to work , so students ' parents bought her a car
college student walks almost 20 miles to first day of work; ceo gives him car
dogs ' prevent stressed students dropping out '
friends help ailing petersboro man with antique carousel restoration
new immunotherapy treatment removes all tumors in woman with advanced metastatic breast cancer
every day , thor the akita walks same route he used to travel with owner before he died
maui humane society receives $1 million to help homeless animals: over next four years , grant will be applied to programs like wings of aloha transfer program , providing human alliance training , upgrading cat housing , and purchasing new transport vehicle and equipment for mhs spay &amp; neuter clinic .
two 6th grade girls save boy in ocean rescue .
author stephen king helps save local paper ' s book reviews column
woman brought home a dying shelter dog to give it some final love , but then a miracle happened
hummus diplomacy: israeli cafe discounts meals shared by jews and arabs
texas donut shop flooded with customers after a sad post from owners son
india to achieve climate goals before schedule: environment minister harsh vardhan
ive been crying all day . . . happy tears: young cellist with tormented past is in disbelief at over $141 , 000 in donations
police officer saves man who was shot multiple times and forms bond of a lifetime
restaurant worker tracks down toronto man to return stolen jacket , refuses reward
abandoned puppy turns rescue dog in worcestershire
japan leave dressing room spotless in dignified response to asian cup final disappointment
change maker: the good shepherd
i put my work in " : honest college applicants await their fates
man builds a " gnome house " in local park to amuse children
when love surprises sorrow: chris and nova ' s marriage is a tribute to the marriages they lost to cancer
spring tulip festival at the beginning of spring , thousands of tulip bulbs in several species and various colors have blossomed in tehran parks
dog saves fawn struggling to stay afloat in long island sound
from messenger of hate to preacher of tolerance
artist offers free henna crowns for cancer patients
after the florida shooting , young people demand role in policymaking
baby ducks rescued from sewer by police officers
4 year old girl saves family from burning home
31 year old asks 89 year old neighbor to move in to help care for her ' he ' s like the grandson i never had '
now that marijuana is legal , san francisco is erasing everybody ' s misdemeanor convictions
high school football players help rescue puppies abandoned in cold weather
philippines 5 year old girl guides her blind father to work with a stick
watch: this irishman ' s alternative trainspotting speech will get you motivated
riley mccoy , the california girl who can ' t go out in the sun , might become homecoming queen tonight
wallet is returned more than six decades after it was lost
hillsboro , oregon mayor schools stranger using racist nickname " hillsburrito " for his town: " i told him i was the mayor of hillsboro , " ( wish i could convey the shock on his face ) " and spoke truth to him about the beauty , strength , and richness that comes from the diversity of my community .
hung parliament could jeopardise brexit timetable
terminally ill veteran gets " last wish " to see " star wars: the last jedi , " with help from his local community . [repost from /r/starwars]
since mali formed an armed brigade to protect its endangered desert elephants 1 year ago , not a single elephant has been lost to poachers
child abduction stopped , thanks to local hero crossing guard
police officer called the ' guardian of the golden gate bridge ' has talked more than 200 people out of jumping off it
dolly parton to donate $1 , 000 per month to families who lost everything in fire
india ' s ' school for grannies ' celebrates 1st anniversary
repo man takes elderly couple ' s car , pays vehicle current and has car detailed and oil changed and returns it .
cashier ' s kind act helps stressed out mom with a kid in the hospital
stork with plastic ring stuck around beak rescued after 5 days of it being spotted
' family wanted ' ad in kansas sparks huge reaction
rats free each other from cages
conservative pundit ben shapiro admits he was ' destroyed ' after cutting short tv debate
meet the kids choosing to forego birthday gifts to raise funds for charities
president trumps pledge to wipe out the notoriously violent ms 13 gang is gaining traction
7 year old girl sends ' google boss ' job application , gets a response
holly butcher: blood service echoes dead woman ' s heartfelt call for blood donations thanks to blood donations she got to spend another year with her family , friends and dog .
living to 100: centenarians surprisingly healthy ' thanks to resilience and toughness ' secret to long life: ' don ' t worry so much . '
11 year old sofia gets new heart and new famous friend
island county program successful at placing people with disabilities in jobs .
88 year old saskatoon man makes thousands of socks for shelters
an amazon tribe has won a huge lawsuit against big oil , saving vast acres of precious rainforest by doing so .
video: syrian refugees reunited with beloved family pet
the number of plastic bags found on the seabed has plummeted , suggesting efforts to combat plastic pollution are working: experts say success of strategy needs to be replicated with other plastic items such as coffee cups and bottles .
cat running for mayor hopes to raise political awareness
georgia deputies walk son of fallen deputy to first day of fourth grade
nsw floods: murwillumbah family brave deep water to save horse
nc woman pays off student lunch debt to honor her dad
a dog has survived five days stuck on icy waters after a heroic rescue in the us .
the bishop of paris , in tears , has told the french press that after fear of their destruction , all 3 irreplaceable rose windows , considered the greatest medieval artwork still in existence , have survived . they took years to build in the 13th century .
canceled wedding becomes dinner for indiana homeless
cat who works at huddersfield train station is celebrating her promotion
trash fishing is like fishing , but instead of fishing for fish , we fish for trash mark ( age 11 )
baby rhino born at pittsburgh zoo
adopted twins reunited after 10 years apart
' wheeler dealer ' leaves ipswich hospital 1 . 5m bbc news
a single mother and her 3 children are stuck in the rain after their car ' s battery dies . many ignore her cry for help , except for a 74 year old man who asks for one thing in return .
it ' s going to be 2020 and finally flying cars are going to become a reality
meet katie bouman , woman behind first black hole photo
toronto police officer charges credit card instead of teen for shoplifting
brain tumor cells will shrink , die without cholesterol , study finds
community comes together to help a chicago area teen see the world before he loses his vision due to a rare degenerative disease
new zealand to spend almost half a billion dollars to plant one billion trees over the next three years
nbc/universal and disney each donate $1 million to fund for orlando victims
drew brees donates prosthetic leg after high school qb loses limb to freak injury
homeless charity ' blown away ' as 7 , 500 shoeboxes of goods donated to help ' fill a tram '
167 people pay it forward in indiana
bees are dying at an alarming rate . amsterdam may have the answer . amsterdam has increased the diversity of wild bee and honeybee species by 45 percent since 2000 . the installation of insect hotels " and a ban on the use of chemical pesticides on public land appear to have played a role .
bruno mars donates $1 million to flint water crisis efforts at michigan concert
residents of helsinki , finland , enjoy an annual tradition of " dinner under the sky " where people step away from their laptops to go outside to the citys sidewalks , parks , and bustling streets to setup tables and dine together .
teen girl uses ' superhuman strength ' to lift burning truck off dad and save family
new dna research brings hope of depression cure
an 82 year old man hiked the entire appalachian trail . then he danced a jig .
australian runners who waited for last competitor are ' all class ' : three australian runners have shown the world what sportsmanship is all about during their 10 , 000m event at the commonwealth games on monday night .
climate scientists call on jerry brown to end oil extraction in california shutting down the 8 , 500 wells &amp; phasing out new extraction permits would reduce emissions by some 425 million metric tons over the next 12 yrs
over 10 , 000 endangered tortoises are rescued in madagascar
wright state engineers without borders chapter begins service project in uganda
pizzeria adds chairs to go with that little plastic table
austin woman completes 500th round of ' trash hiking '
boulder mailman builds ramp for aging dog along route
middle school students show support for the lgbtq community in a unique way
man sees colors for the first time
dogs can smell low blood sugar in people with diabetes
this start up in the ivory coast dreams of being the first african chocolatier at paris ' salon du chocolat
california drought , then and now , in pictures , amazing tranformation
changing beliefs improving women ' s empowerment in samoa
kenya burns elephant ivory worth $105 million to defy poachers
cop plays basketball with children after a noise complaint call . shaq sees the video and visits the cop and kids .
village for homeless people opens in scotland ' s capital
struggling farmers turn excess milk into cheese and yogurt for the hungry
as someone who received treatment at chla , this made my heart palpitate .
dog slips and falls from 9th floor , saved by a passing hero
dallas mavericks celebrate dirk nowitzki ' s charity efforts in tribute video .
' tree man ' of bangladesh ' cured ' after 16 operations to fight rare skin condition
tiny home project for veterans gaining momentum
one of the most recognizable logos in the world the curled alligator on lacoste shirts is being temporarily replaced with a series of endangered species , helping to raise awareness and fund their protection .
lowe ' s hires veteran and his service dog
robert marchand , 105 , sets new cycling record
goodwill shop in ohio returns $97 , 000 to couple who mistakenly included the money with clothing donations to store .
halfway house for pandas opens in china
the best schools in the worst neighbourhoods
alaskan man who lost his feet to frostbite in 2011 completes his first marathon
bystander rescues dog that fell through the ice
my university gave a student an early graduation so her dying father could see her graduate
not sure if this is the right sub for it , but this needs to be spread everywhere !
philando castile ' s legacy of helping his students pay for their lunches lives on
a good sign: nashua men say dont worry be happy
appalachian miners are learning to code
generosity can go a long way
woman ( my mom ) donates kidney to complete stranger because she was " having a midlife crisis and was looking for an adventure
baby elephants rescued from deep well in sri lanka
orphaned elk shows up at wildfire , nuzzles firefighters ( with pictures ! )
son takes his paralyzed father with him to university and cares for him while he studies
the 1972 clean water act dramatically cut pollution in u . s waterways , according to the first comprehensive study of water pollution over the past several decades
elon musk says he will fund fixing flints foul water
mitch mcconnell fractures shoulder after falling at kentucky home
i just watched elon musk ' s recent ted talk and literally wept through pure inspiration
meet the minnesota man lighting up his neighborhood for parkinson ' s disease
mom posted son ' s hospital bill and received death threats , but ultimately helped another mother properly diagnose her son
once paralyzed , three men take steps again with spinal implant
a little boy thought this muslim accountant was santa and he ' s played along for 4 years
hurricane irma update: everglades city school principal is helping restore the community
when she received a wish from the make a wish foundation , she said , " the only reason i got this wish is because i got sick . i should use it to help someone . i didn ' t earn it . " she decided her wish was to dig a well in africa for a village that doesn ' t have water .
strangers raise $165k in 3 days to help 89yo chicago popsicle vendor who lost daughter
truck driver ' s cat survives 400 long miles under his truck
hunter spotted missing family 2 days after van got stuck on remote logging road
6 year old little rock girl writes letter to toy company asking why they don ' t make girl soldiers
lost christmas bonus returned to worker
100 bikers show up to greet bullied boy on his first day of school
family of the 8yo killed in the boston marathon bombing has raised millions to build and maintain a lush , state of the art park in boston . boston public transportation agency is donating the land .
iraqi air force drops four million letters in mosul providing hope to civilians still trapped there .
golden state warriors , skipping white house , will take local kids to museum of african american history instead
over $90k raised for grandmother who is raising her three granddaughters after they were found abandoned .
bear with tin can stuck in its mouth ' a litter warning ' bbc news
asmr: welsh stone carver is unintentional youtube star
guy sending out tennis balls in memory of his dog encouraging other people to spend time with theirs [update]
sitka high basketball team saves people from burning building in anchorage , alaska
a mother of 3 dies , her neighbor ( that already has 5 kids ) adopts them , then a surprise squad gives them all a . . . surprise .
toys r us champion larian steps forward with $100 million to save stores
police help a 5th grader with her math homework after she messages police on facebook
junior boxing champion missed his high school graduation because he was competing , so the school surprised him with a full ceremony just for him
paris turns lights off at eiffel tower to remember victims of vegas massacre
taiwan set to legalize same sex marriages , a first in asia
teddy the 4 y/o dog honored after helping cancer survivor owner emerge from coma 3 days early [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
teen that made headlines in march because he was denied a job at six flags over texas because of his dreadlocks caught the eye of a scout with the largest modeling agency in the world ( img model ) he ' s now a model .
dolly partons imagination library delivers 1 millionth book in n . c .
a teen saves for 2 years to buy his friend an electric wheelchair
til a grocery store in canada was left unlocked and unattended on a national holiday . the only thing taken was cherry tomatoes , for which a person left $5 at the checkout . the person actually overpaid .
a three legged dog rescued from a new york city roadway has been nicknamed " shamrock " for its luck
donors build surprise playground for siblings battling cancer
deployed military family pays it forward after newborn needs medical evacuation
this smiley guy is bringing his community together with food and beer
canadian woman shares dozens of ' roll up ' prizes with strangers . she shares the winning prizes with first responders and people in need in an effort to pay it forward .
charity week: restaurants pledge to donate up to 50% of their profits to charity
first japanese woman to fly fighter jet after government lifts ban on women pilots
theme park employees show support after mass shooting in orlando
jedi returns to family after 10 month deployment .
reddit never ceases to amaze me
' i want to turn my loss into a gain ' : man offers acts of kindness in mother ' s memory
gray parrot found and saved from park brought back to his owner again .
forester haynie filed a class action lawsuit against dough management , inc . ( domino ' s franchise in the midwest ) for failing to pay their delivery drivers the federal minimum wage .
strangers shower young cancer patient named daisy with daisies for her 11th birthday
cafe offers free meal in exchange for exercise
global carbon emissions flatline continues
meet diesel , the dog that comforts young victims , witnesses in baton rouge courtrooms
royal caribbean and ncl cancel cruises to use ships to send supplies and rescue irma victims
lawmakers demand cap on homework set for hong kong primary school pupils: proposal would see a maximum number of hours for homework imposed and a restriction on the amount of homework set on fridays .
baby boom for worlds rarest parrot
here ' s to hoping this trend continues
just in time for christmas , a 3 year old boy who was in foster care for 832 days has finally found his forever family .
engineer designs world ' s first flat pack truck made from plywood to deliver aid to remote parts of africa
high school student with autism crowned prom king after senior forfeits nomination
radio show listeners come together to support family who fell victim to craigslist revenge
santa cruz county educators pioneering lgbtq history curriculum
tripadvisor to stop selling tickets to many animal attractions &lt;3
twins sold online as babies for 8 , 200 are about to start university
cancer survivor gets 3d printed jaw: a new process is faster and more flexible than traditional prosthetic sculpting methods .
ray student gets national attention for helping the homeless
complete stranger donates house to firefighter who lost house in fire
a syrian man wanted for allegedly preparing a bombing attack was apprehended by three of his countrymen , who overpowered him , tied him up in their apartment , and then alerted police , german authorities said monday
cancer patient wins year ' s worth of pizza then donates it to food bank
kansas city furniture business given to apprentice who worked for nothing
tai chi may help prevent falls
a healthy group of tasmanian devils has been discovered in australia , giving new hopes for the survival of the extinct species
my elderly neighbors made a rap video about dealing with cancer . it ' s amazing .
euthanasia rates down 36% for dogs , 25% for cats; adoptions increase 17% in ny shelters .
number of tigers in the wild rises for first time in over 100 years
superwoman surgeon hikes through snow for 3 hours so she can operate on her cancer patient
j . k . rowling grants young syrian girls wish and sends her a harry potter book
elderly man overwhelmed by community support after bike stolen from woodbine beach | ctv news
the happy broadcast illustrates positive news stories from 2018 .
ee balloons and drones to help fix mobile blackspots
semis line up on interstate in detroit to help save suicidal man
state trooper unknowingly pulls over the officer who delivered him as a baby 27 years ago
100 year old runner breaks world record at penn relays
teacher transforms students desks into notes of inspiration before exam
man left high flying commercial banking job to set up an eco friendly waste removal firm
16 year old new york girl missing for days after flying to london is found safe , man arrested
alaskan woman uses yarn to create ' disney princess wigs ' for child cancer patients
' boaty mcboatface ' ship to be named ' rrs sir david attenborough '
getting deported was the best thing that ever happened to me
my city pulling together to show support for a fellow firefighter . he ' s my friend and recruit class mate who is battling a very tough leukemia . we want to boost his spirits .
a rare new zealand bird once thought to be extinct is having its most successful breeding season in years .
kansas students train , give away therapy dogs
a new material can absorb up to 90 times its own weight in spilled oil and then be squeezed out like a sponge and reused , raising hopes for easier clean up of oil spill sites .
researchers propose ecuador costa rica swimway to protect marine life swimway will be new type of international ( marine ) management system to sustain at risk marine migrating and mating between galapagos islands marine reserve in ecuador and cocos island marine reserve in costa rica .
chasidic yeshiva students nearly killed in chevron riot express gratitude in emotional reunion with palestinian savior
a texas scientist was called foolish for arguing the immune system could fight cancer . then he won the nobel prize .
dog helps save girl , 3 , left naked and alone
the guy who was sending out tennis balls in memory of his dog was gifted a painting of his dog by a woman who was born without the use of her hands . this was painted using only her mouth and feet .
patagonia is donating $10 million from trump tax cut to the planet
these w . w . ii era pin up models are philanthropy super heroes
doctor operates on sick boy ' s teddy bear
in heartwarming ' act of thanksgiving mercy , ' farmer turns over 100 turkeys to animal rights group
indianapolis child with rare condition asks for cards for christmas . let ' s deliver !
large coal plants in the u . s . are being shut down
' breakthrough for patients ' : fda approves 1st postpartum depression drug
mystery man gives away dollar bills to smiling strangers in colorado in memory of old friend
dad attends son ' s graduation wearing tie he made in first grade
student who received prosthetic leg from boston bombing survivor looks to pay it forward
premature baby ' s joyous smile a symbol of hope for expectant parents
chile rejects iron mine to save penguins
wallet mysteriously returns to owner , 100 miles away from where it disappeared
jamie , now 5 , meets stranger who donated liver that saved her life .
puppy stolen by amazon delivery driver returned to owner
the worlds heaviest parrot , a critically endangered bird that only lives in a remote part of new zealand , has had its most successful breeding season since conservation efforts began more than two decades ago .
on these remote pacific islands , children now get life saving vaccines from drones
soccer player cristiano ronaldo donates his 600 . 000 champions league victory bonus to charity
black detroit firefighters stand by white recruit fired over watermelon
random act of kindness before tragic death .
10 year old california girl rescued after falling into freezing water
florida diver pulls hook from lemon shark ' s belly
facebooks new algorithm combs posts to identify potentially suicidal users
rapper eminem is hosting a promotional event in detroit in the style of a pop up restaurant with a menu featuring moms spaghetti .
five officials will face manslaughter charges for flint water crisis
15 year old invented building material from indian rice waste to help the environment .
three windward oahu public and charter schools are discontinuing the practice of throwing away uneaten lunches into the trash . instead , they ' re turning their food waste into a valuable product that people are buying .
indiana school district turns unused cafeteria food into take home meals for kids
the first truly american cuisine is having a revival
4 boys out of the cave in thailand so far
parents now spend twice as much time with their children as 50 years ago
60% of americans support legalizing cannabis: new gallup poll
105 year old french cyclist sets world record
teen makes sunscreen available for free at pools
lpga tour player donates entire winners check of $195 , 000 to the houston relief effort
high school football team places roses for cheerleader with leukemia
canada gives $2 . 5 million to bangladesh to aid with influx of rohingya refugees
a woman was nearly killed after teens threw a 20 lbs frozen turkey through windshield of her moving car . when she woke from a coma with brain damage and a surgically reconstructed face , she pressed for leniency in the case , transforming the delinquent teen ' s life . they still keep in touch today .
cancer vaccine eliminates all traces of cancer in mice [x post from futurology]
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and his wife , priscilla chan , plan to give away 99% of their facebook shares to charity
high school senior with cerebral palsy walks for the 1st time to get diploma
shalane flanagan becomes the 1st american woman to win nyc marathon in 40 years
id2020 is a united nations supported project to provide legal identification to 1 . 1 billion people worldwide with no official documents . the project involves many companies such as microsoft , accenture , pricewaterhousecoopers and cisco systems
world ' s largest marine protected area declared in antarctica bbc news
judge moves manafort from ' vip ' jail to alexandria lockup
government pledged to create 41 new marine conservation zones around britains coastline that will block harmful activities like dredging , sea bed trawler fishing and offshore development . . . extending so called blue belt of protected sea zones would put it at the forefront of marine protection .
yes , bookmobiles are still a thing . ( we checked . )
on friday july 12th , 2019 , lights for liberty: a vigil to end human concentration camps , will bring thousands of people to locations worldwide to protest inhuman conditions faced by migrants as a result of us immigration policy
germany to introduce $2800 fine for parents skipping measels vaccination
lee kuan yew ' s grandson li huanwu marries male partner in south africa nation | the star online
boulder man inspiring others after losing legs in tragedy
acts of kindness: 50 big motorcyclists escort bullied 6th grader to first day of school
cleaner showered with gifts by saudis after ridiculed for looking at gold
kerbey lane ( austin , tx restaurant ) donates nearly 19 , 000 meals to austin food bank
therapy chair helping chickens and roosters walk again
police dog freya finds lost child in woods near lacombe
researchers need your help looking at pictures of lovable penguins
photographer snaps cancer stricken kids as superheroes . pictures take off digital artist josh rossi photographed six children with life threatening illnesses and disabilities as members of the justice league .
crispr could eliminate genetic disease .
paralyzed woman completes half marathon on her own two feetthanks to bionic power
lions eat ' rhino poachers ' on south african game reserve bbc news
chris hadfield: you are the result of your own decisions*
firefighters rescue kitten stuck for days in utility box
meet ' rocko ' , the 167 pound great dane who stands 7 feet tall on his hind legs , eats 8 cups of food a night and is vying for the title of the world ' s tallest living dog
a gunman opened fire . this man acted quicklyand saved dozens of lives .
105 year old cyclist rides 14 miles in an hour en route to a world record
oregon coast aquarium releases giant pacific octopus , cleopatra
167 people paid it forward at a mcdonald ' s on father ' s day
woman calls off $30k wedding , invites homeless to reception
dna match brings paddy cannon ' s 60 year search for his family to an end: paddy cannon has spent most of his life searching for his family . growing up , he knew " absolutely nothing " about his identity .
new zealand ' s parliament has voted almost unanimously in favor of changing the country ' s gun laws , less than a month after a mass shooting left 50 people dead .
texas couple saves home from harvey flooding with aqua dam
saudi arabia to allow women in bikinis at new beach resort
art studio helps adults with disabilities turn their passion into a career
remember the girl with leukemia who was having trouble finding a bone marrow match because of her thai / italian heritage ? she found a donor !
iowa city police body camera video of officers searching university of iowa football player faith ekakitie while seeking a robbery suspect . ekakitie told police he was in the park playing pokemon go . this is a nice example of how police should ( and often do ) conduct themselves .
googlers and google . org donated $260 million to nonprofits in 2017
couple find love with wwii era interest
young brothers lemonade stand has made a lot of money to help migrant kids
earth ' s ozone layer is healing , says un
kyoto animation managed to save the data on kyoani ' s server inside burned studio 1 and was able to be recover everything without any loss .
veterans to deploy for standing rock
dolphin and whale captivity ban bill gets passed by canadian senate
how beavers , the original ecosystem engineers , may help the american west adapt to climate change
ohio teen rescues 4 year old on first day as a lifeguard
couple married nearly 70 years die 40 minutes apart , hand in hand
police arrest muslim convert terror suspect planning attacks on tourists in france
south africans life expectancy is now 64 years , up from 53 years in 2006 , putting the country on track to a 70 year life expectancy by 2030 .
saudi arabia to allow women into sports stadiums , and obtain driving licenses , from next year
we are not frightened: " ihan omar gets hero ' s welcome in minnesota
african countries to receive us$22 . 5 billion in funding for climate adaptation and mitigation projects .
a legal brothel in new zealand is hosting an ' open day ' to raise funds for a children ' s charity
us soldier who lost his limbs in afghanistan receives double arm transplant after 6 years
free meals to govt employees during shutdown
american , united airlines won ' t transport migrant kids separated from families
americans stage ' caravan to canada ' to buy cheaper insulin
there ' s a nursing home in seattle that brings in kids to play with the elderly . it improves the daily lives of the residents and makes the kids less likely to be ageist later in life [x post /r/todayilearned]
brandon man gives back to kids robbed at lemonade stand
reddit quarantines trump subreddit r/the_donald for violent comments
stolen speech generating computer recovered for teen with special needs
dog stuck by side of missing 6 year old tennessee boy
logan boulet of the humboldt broncos helped save six lives through donated organs this weekend , and inspired thousands of canadians to become organ donors . organ donor registration this weekend 6x higher than normal in british columbia , 3x in ontario , 2x in alberta .
after the fire , she couldn ' t find her mom . then she read a news story .
there is currently a week long twitch stream going on where various streamers stream and raise money for " st . judes childrens research hospital " . they have raised over 1 . 8 million dollars in 3 days and have 3 more days to go .
this 9 year old may not live until christmas , so strangers are sending him an early holiday
first man to receive double hand transplant in uk writes thank you letter to surgeon who changed his life .
' kidnapper ' chased out of karate studio
penka , the bulgarian cow , escapes death sentence .
ringing church bells pay tribute to victims in war ravaged syria
regarding history as a subject: one of five pakistani provinces , finally takes first step since zia ul haqs regime .
unconscious driver ' s vehicle stopped by other motorists to render aid
zulu warrior troupe turn up at the wrong school , give performance anyway
rehabilitated sea turtle , peanut , released back into the gulf
peter jackson sets turkish court straight on lord of the rings lore error
recent breakthroughs inspire hope in the fight against malaria borgen
elderly dog can ' t contain his joy after unwrapping a puppy for christmas
missing 3 year old boy is found alive in woods of north carolina
for the first time ever , pride flag raised at california state capitol
ravens stealing golf balls ( translation in comments )
dog raises cheetahs after mother dies
mexican artist melts 1 , 527 guns , makes shovels to plant trees
' saddest cat in the world ' smiling again after ' death row ' rescue
langford , b . c . couple refurbish damaged bikes to send to uganda | cbc news
baby eastern quolls born on australian mainland in landmark win for reintroduction program
uplifting news week in review april 23 30
student rises from wheelchair , walks across stage at graduation
planting two trees now mandatory for everyone building a house in pakistan
reddit community helps man recover lullaby recordings of dead wife
waiter ' s act of kindness toward customer goes viral
cheap solar ambulances to speed into service in rural bangladesh
is it time to reconsider the keyboard pants ?
the 98 year old tao can give you serious fitness goals and can help you live a positive life
fort mcmurray wildfire: syrian refugees in calgary pitch in to help
friends take stranger on holiday after friend can ' t make it
another chemical attack in syria , dash: russia to be held accountable .
toddler miraculously survives 6 story fall landing on car
i think i just turned back into a five year old .
sir nicholas winton , who save 669 children destined for nazi concentration camps , died today at 106 years old . he never even told his wife what he ' d done . this is what a real hero looks like .
disrupor ' s pitch: tranqool
the story behind the american dream photo at west point that went viral the washington post
mans truck is defaced with racial slurs , body shop pulls together and repairs the graffiti for free .
high school athlete of the year: hunter gandee high school si . com
teen donates over 200 stuffed animals to el paso county sheriffs office el paso herald post
berlin family ' s cat returns after seven years
what is 113 year old ' s secret to happiness ?
mother son tag team design a line of clothes for kids with disabilities
flagstaff dog recognized as hero for saving man
texas jail guard thanks inmates who helped during heart attack
in victory for activists , russia plans to release nearly 100 belugas and orcas from icy whale jail
caisa fashion show innova breaks own record , donates $50k to charity
childhood cancer survivors find love after reuniting years later as st . jude employees
world health organisation recognises ' burn out ' as medical condition
bill clinton pledges help for caribbean after ' 17 hurricanes
a family saves a snow bound piglet from freezing to death
royal wedding: harry and meghan ask for charity donations
alzheimer ' s treatment hopes raised after drug that prevents toxic proteins from growing in brain enters final trials
obama grants 231 inmates clemency
collingswood boys thrive 6 years after abuse .
st . paul public schools to provide free meals to students during summer months
u . s . navy finds puppy thought to be lost at sea
us muslims offer students free school supplies ( x posted from /r/islam )
meet the youngest african american female mcdonald ' s franchise owner , a nola native
patriots fan invited onto field to get new wheelchair from team
officer saves baby whose heart stopped beating after he was born in car
three legged puppy mill rescue dog saved by national puppy mill rescue , gets forever home .
new stalin monument gets drenched in red paint a day after going up
india supreme court wont prosecute atheist author because they have better things to do
only article about body image that actually made me tear up a little
indian coal mining companies plan $1 . 6 billion solar investment
' this is not their fault ' : families of victims and accused support each other during murder trial
a texas woman befriended a homeless man and changed both their lives forever
5 teens escape washington immigration facility after spraying guards with fire extinguishers
abandoned puppy without legs gets a set of prosthetic wheels .
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
disabled iranian lady paints christiano ronaldo
puppy thrown in drum of tar , rescued after 24 hours . goa , india
the human who teaches orphan sloths how to be wild animals
in northeast baltimore , urban farmers help lift each other off the ground
man who shot deputys assailant gets a replacement gun
a new york city website has been running a series of profiles of local dogs: " pupper west side
til that a british bomb detection dog named theo died from stress a few hours after seeing his handler get shot . the pair had set a record for bomb detection , and the dog was posthumously awarded an honour equivalent to the victoria cross .
us ev sales jump 72 . 5% on year in 2018 , top 354 , 000
prince william comforts young child , talks losing his ' mummy ' too
i still don ' t know what i want to be when i ' grow up ' , but check this kid out
from homeless teen to juvenile advocate formerly homeless teen graduates from law school
the shoebox love story of pinay and little boy who sent her shoebox gift in 2000 continues to inspire
watch: man saves life of choking dog in turkey
9 year old celebrating last christmas " would love some love
missing dog kaiser reunited with massachusetts family after 8 months
tunisia becomes the first arab nation to approve gender equality in inheritance law
the worlds first negative emissions plant has opened in icelandturning carbon dioxide into stone
anonymous woman picks up $400 dennys tab for firefighters who battled blaze in colton
eminem surprises flint high school graduates with gift
indus river dolphin numbers on the rise , wwf study reveals
hero cat , who saved boy from biting dog , to be honored on rose parade float: tara sprinted to the dog , threw an impressive body block that knocked the dog away from the boy , and then chased the attacker away
canada to ban single use plastics by 2021
stan lee out of hospital and feeling great
amazon tribe saves millions of acres of rainforest after beating big oil in court battle
active duty marine who planned to commit suicide changed his mind after meeting gary sinise , a . k . a . , lieutenant dan and watching the lt . dan band perform a live concert at his military base
despite a past clouded by poverty , rape and abandonment human rights activist christina noble remains fiercely optimistic . her story is celebrated in a new biopic film , aptly titled noble
paleontologists discover the mother lode 215 miraculously well preserved pterosaur eggs
action hunger to unveil vending machine for homeless people
abused , depressed and 550 lbs this man ' s journey to lose 300 lbs is incredibly uplifting
scientists fix genetic risk factor for alzheimer ' s disease in human brain cells
texas 16 year old asks teacher to adopt him , and she does
thief who allegedly stole a wedding ring and backpack from max attack victim ricky best as he lay dying , is delivered to police by a tip from domino ' s pizza general manager .
topbuzzv [trooper tears up ticket after driver ' s kind gesture]
station cat is promoted for her mean mouse catching skills
good news ! literacy rate for women in india is rising
ohio state fan in coma asked if he likes michigan responds: ' no ' ( x post from r/nottheonion )
inside the world ' s worst zoo: starving bears and lions forced to live off slaughterhouse scraps after being abandoned by armenian oligarch no wonder no one ' s been to visit them for two years
german circus swaps real animals with hologram for cruelty free show
marcus lemonis donates front row world series tickets to 97 year old wwii vet
5 year old starts his own business to help veterans get back on their feet
universe is expanding up to 9% faster than scientists thought
firefighters free fifi the dog with jaws of life
officer buys groceries for mom caught stealing food for infant: ' i felt so grateful '
paralyzed groom stands for his bride
spiderman ' granted french citizenship after rescuing child from paris balcony
students offer serenade for army private escorting soldier ' s remains off a plane
service dog in training: minnesota wild signs new teammate
fast hands , calm mind: how an 11 year old boy ' s amazing crochet skills quiet his busy mind
the two of us formerly conjoined twins happy and healthy in himalayan home
glad to see that the victims will receive free treatment for something that is not normally covered .
hiv life expectancy ' near normal ' thanks to new drugs bbc news
jewish muslim partnership seeks to sponsor syrian refugees in toronto
green , feminist and pregnant: meet new zealands minister for women
child sexual abuse prevention programs in iranian kindergartens
drowning kangaroo rescued by police
man ' dies ' after vodka binge , wakes up in morgue , goes back to party
ozone layer on the mend , thanks to chemical ban
random act of kindness benefits some thunder bay diners
san diego painting company donates their services to paint wounded warriors home
service dog gives big lift to air force vet injured in iraq
a tattoo artist is covering up the scars of people who have overcome self harm for free
dan crenshaw , navy seal and congressman elect , takes to ' snl ' for a teachable moment
justice served .
how a labrador puppy helped find a breakthrough treatment for ' floppy baby syndrome '
teens rescue rcmp officer from flipped police car
lionel messi , luis suarez and other barcelona fc stars put smiles on the faces of children during hospital visits
teenager hits back at isis by replicating assyrian sculptures they destroyed
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can go be with sick wife
illinois man sets new planking record at 10 hours , 10 minutes . my abs hurt thinking about it .
parents find daughter after 24 year search
dog severely burned in house fire adopted . . . by firefighter
96 year old woman becomes great great great grandmother !
dr waheed arian: the refugee who treats afghans via skype ( he was originally told he would become a taxi driver )
after losing his wife of 72 years , man turns to baking to help those in need
hero pit bull puppy saves teen from attempted rape
strangers respond after man with down syndrome loses home , movie collection
a renewed view of some of the worlds oldest trees
89 year old graduates college with a bachelor of arts degree , 48 years after starting her coursework
iowa state players rescue woman from sinking car during spring break
local council makes young melbourne boys garbage truck dreams come true
breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months
hip cafe chain staffed by workers with down syndrome opens in paris
sanitation worker finds tiny kitten in his truck , helps save it and finds it a forever home
city employee saves dogs by jumping into raw sewege
modern day ' caveman ' has lived in cavern for 40 years
in honor of world kindness day , we asked readers to tell us of times when a stranger performed an act so unexpectedly kind that it stayed with them . here ' s 7 of their stories .
bill &amp; melinda gates foundation to invest $5b in africa over next 5 years
former doctor ken jeong stops live show to give medical attention to audience member
boy , 13 , robbed by bike thieves in manchester 1000 online fundraiser to buy a new bike .
8 year old girl with cancer uses make a wish to clean up trash
a man who tried to cash counterfeit traveller ' s cheques in southern sweden has been cleared of fraud because he was in love , the court ruled .
beer deliverymen talks man out of jumping off bridge by offering him a 12 pack of coors light
in my local news . conjoined twins separated successfully . the photo gallery is great !
photographer looks at suicide through a new lens
college football player who helps kids in need surprised with scholarship
no kill cat rescue owner makes repeat trip into smoke filled building and saves nearly 20 cats
very cool
farmer gives 20 lambs to sanctuary as he can ' t face slaughtering them
residents are showing support for the muslim store owner attacked in new york city by holding a " peaceful demonstration .
a popular hotel in southwestern japan will close for 10 straight days in january at a cost of 200 million yen in revenues to give its employees time off , in the belief that the unusual measure will help to secure quality human resources .
east bay couple retires from foster parenting after caring for more than 400 children
refugees build bureaucrazy app to solve german paperwork problems
parkland mom who lost daughter wins seat on county school board
a baby orca seen in the puget sound
tanzania says elephant , rhino populations rebounding after anti poaching crackdown
customer at orlando lowe ' s gives last generator to fellow shopper next in line to purchase one as the last unit was sold she needed it to help care for her sick father during/after hurricane irma .
a project in brussels , belgium is pioneering portable cardboard tents for homeless people to sleep in . the cardboard tents , known as the orig ami project , can be transported by users on their backs as they seek shelter .
u . s . house proposes budget increases for energy , environmental research programs
wild tiger family pose for amazing selfies in front of forest camera trap . endangered big cats a mother and two cubs frolic in front of the lens , before stopping the show by removing the memory card with paw .
british supermarket launches plastic free zone for sustainably packaged products
seven puppies rescued from under old christchurch shearing shed
norway is making its fjords the worlds first zero emission zone at sea
california quadriplegic student ' s mother gets honorary degree bbc news
local student born without hands earns penmanship award
tears as mosul soldier finds mother on bus
anonymous ' santa claus ' pays off all layaway items at a vermont walmart
puppy found tied in a plastic bag was going to die , until these people stepped in
eight year old manchester victim ' getting better and better '
california town sets up ' goat fund me ' page to finance four legged firefighters nevada city is seeking to raise $30 , 000 to acquire goats to munch through acres of vegetation that could fuel wildfires
' spiderman ' hailed as hero for rescuing child dangling from paris balcony
atlanta high school student goes from homeless to valedictorian
orlando news station wftv just bought $1 million in medical debt , will cancel said debt ( crosspost /r/flgovernment )
inspiring 102 year old new jersey granny is america ' s oldest schoolteacher !
high school students surprise lunch lady with new car
more than a million indians have planted 220 million trees in a single day in a government campaign to tackle climate change and improve the environment in the country
in kolkata , a college admission form allows you to choose ' humanity ' as religion
devoted mom and dad build their autistic son , 20 , his own blockbuster store in their home , after he was left devastated when the local chain closed down
volunteers make scottish railway history running ' rail replacement service ' while local road is closed
nigerian army frees 1 , 000 boko haram captives
fighters are offering cost by donation self defense classes to empower women and are donating all the money raised to the rape , abuse &amp; incest national network
bella , 7 , meets hero aaron mooy after flying to huddersfield from texas ( she saw him on tv in the world cup and noticed his baldness matched hers after cancer treatment )
man honors wife ' s memory after buying her flowers for 59 years
octogenarian shows age is no barrier , earns doctorate at 88: kiyoko ozeki is living proof that you ' re never too old to get your ph . d .
former house majority leader worked with the cia to use a congressional investigation for propaganda and it backfired
thelma watarai of honolulu celebrated her 103rd birthday on sunday . when asked what her secret is to living a long and fulfilled life , watarai said , " work hard , take care of your family and be happy .
human trafficking survivor who smashed triathlon world record
kevin hart ' s charity launches $600 , 000 scholarship fund that will help 18 students earn a college degree . the actor and comedian says " this is just the beginning .
columbus , georgia considering new law addressing a recurring issue of embedded dog collars .
that drug expiration date may be more myth than fact
argentina and algeria certified malaria free by the who infectious diseases hub
boy gets service dog after kids fundraised for him
australia votes yes on gay marriage
aus college of veterinary medicine helps dog deliver 19 puppies
s&amp;p 500 , dow and nasdaq close at record high levels in short session ahead of july fourth holiday
penguins ignore police , return to sushi shop
ikea founder ingvar kamprad left $23 billion to charity and businesses in sweden
food grows where he goes .
home guard saves toddler from being run over by train
chase bank to its canadian credit card holders: you owe no balance
he smuggled two young boys out of laos in 1977 , now they ' ve reunited
penguin swims 8000km every year to reunite with man who saved his life
hiker rescues dog trapped in cave for 3 weeks; dog reunited with owner
indycar racer hinchcliffe meets donors who saved him
backed by norway , colombia is adding 8 million hectares to its protected areas to stem forest loss in the amazon
schoolchildren in my town in italy are fundraising to buy a paradise island off the sardinian coast and make it " the island of all students
good samaritan raises over $25k in 10 days for paul , elderly phoenix man who sells copper coins on the street corner every night to support wife of 54 years , stays open for business " until the light at church ' s chicken goes out
joe biden caught red handed helping a vet with a sandwich and getting his housing voucher good to see some humanity survives the political process
koala trapped in drain rescued by gold coast wildlife carer
foreign powers approve ebola vaccines , u . s . drug makers lag in development pipeline
fbi now tracking animal cruelty cases around the nation and taking animal abuse more seriously hoping the database could eventually lead to stiffer laws .
nigerians are using plastic bottles to build fireproof and bulletproof homes
girl , 5 , pulls drowning mom to shallow end of pool
reddit army will you please help send bradley lowery christmas cards . he is a 5 year old terminally ill boy in england .
hail damaged colorado mills restaurant continued to pay its employees while it was closed
mayor adler asks austinites to make ' welcome kits ' for harvey evacuees
ten year old boy to get bionic hand for christmas .
this little girl was dying of kidney failure , until her preschool teacher offered to donate hers
uranus smells like rotten eggs
young man works 13 hours a day between two jobs as a chef . is known for his outgoing personality and always preaching the importance of positivity and love , despite not having much in his life . gets tipped free braces and orthodontic care from a customer at lunch .
solar power in the netherlands grows 50% in 2018 with more to come
woman wins $100 , 000 thanks to girlfriend ' s ' favorite number '
three paralysed men , who were told they would spend the rest of their lives in a wheelchair , are able to walk again thanks to doctors in switzerland .
community donates prom dresses to help teen girls in need
woman and dog rescued from sinking car in louisiana flooding
a happy ending for the indian woman who experienced acid attack and 17 surgeries
sources: trump administration won ' t withdraw from paris climate deal
judge reinstates madrid ' s low emissions zone
these furry orphans were rescued from a cooler left on the side of the road
a syrian refugee has become a youtube star by explaining german culture to germans
army specialist surprises little boy with huge honor
watch little girls going gaga over a costco worker who they believe is maui from disney ' s moana: like maui , william va ' ana also sports long hair and has an arm full of tattoos .
mizzou aepi fraternity raises over $100k for the third time in a row with rock a thon philanthropy for the american cancer society
puppy returned following croydon hills burglary
man lifts vehicle to save fhp trooper
settler family finally meets palestinian who saved them from smashed car
romeo , the world ' s loneliest frog , has found a juliet: frog believed to be last of its kind has finally found a mate
australian cartoonist pat campbell , who works for newspaper the canberra times , drew an illustration of the silver fern showing muslims in different stages of prayer for the publication .
scientists grow baby coral on barrier reef scientists have stepped in as environmental matchmakers by breeding baby coral on the great barrier reef in a move that could have worldwide significance .
conjoined twins who had small chance of survival start school
an nyc scout troop provides homeless girls a place of their own
sometimes people change: maryland shop covers up racist tattoos for free
new york walgreens worker saves customer from rape in bathroom
71 year old veteran is walking 1000km for underfunded children ' s hospice .
paralyzed virginia marine walks for first time in 33 years
my friend from ireland was unemployed , so he created his own advertising campaign . now its trending !
woman saves suicidal man by reciting linkin park lyrics
moroccan king pardons more than 1 , 000 protesters
blind dog found wandering the streets saved from being put down by timely adoption
robert kraft says after his wife died trump called every week for a year to console him
paris makes all public transport free in battle against ' worst air pollution for 10 years '
one drug could treat alzheimer ' s , ms , crohn ' s , and more
man finds vhs tape of adorable 1 year old ' s birthday party , wants to locate them [action news jax]
people refuse to give up on giant elephant trapped in mud pit
lego unveils minifigure in wheelchair after #toylikeme campaign pushes for disability representation
nba star kyrie irving helping to bring clean water to kenya
people who turn their cats vegan could face prosecution , rspca warns
3 dozen college students swarm deployed soldiers home to help scrape , prime , and paint home . kindness is so cool .
espys to honor hs coaches killed in parkland
home depot is donating $50 million to job training for veterans and disadvantaged youth
at al aqsa mosque over 180 , 000 muslims prayed peacefully on the first friday of ramadan .
tesla is sending hundreds of battery packs to power outage ridden puerto rico
dexter holland ( lead singer of the offspring ) finishes his ph . d in molecular biology
girl saves best friend from choking the day after learning heimlich maneuver
budget cuts in oklahoma are putting all ssp checks on hold until july 1 . the owner of tiffany ' s in noble , ok is going to give free meals to anyone unable to buy food while waiting on their check , and the community has started rising up to help as well .
this 10 year old maryland girl who was born without hands just won a national handwriting competition
clean power sees first win over fossil fuels in emerging markets
prisoner bags degree in theology
the accident no one talked about
phoenix police officers help homeless family living in tent
scientists make significant anti aging breakthrough
with a $1 billion price tag , is this the worlds most expensive house ?
how indias fishermen turn ocean plastic into roads in an innovative project , fishermen in kerala collect ocean plastic for recycling , cleaning the ocean in the process .
kajin sara , newly discovered nepal lake , likely to become world ' s highest
retiring usher for a minor league team in akron , oh gets his own bobblehead
iowa man pays for 33 people to attend college
civil rights pioneer viola desmond is first woman on canadian currency: a black woman who refused to leave the whites only section of a canadian movie theatre in 1946 nearly a decade before rosa parkss act of defiance has been honoured on the countrys newest $10 bill .
school children farewell class goldfish with fiery viking boat burial
subway guitarist who gives all of his earnings away
' it ' s crazy ' : chase bank forgiving all debt owed by its canadian credit card customers
unpaid fyre fest caterer in bahamas gets over $90 , 00 in donations after doc profiles scam
police take pity on naked sleepwalker then pose for selfies !
lone cheerleader joined by rival squad in heartwarming video
india will surpass paris agreement pledges with renewable energy investment
my aunt and uncle ' s dog , jax , ran away 4 days ago , and was lost in a 6 , 500 acre marsh . yesterday he was found with the help of a good man and his drone .
' privileged should try and create a better world ' : second richest man in india gives $7 . 5 billion to his charitable foundation
indian diamond merchant gifts 600 cars to employees for diwali
1st woman to take command of a u . s . army infantry division
aussies are taking on the anti vaccination movement when facebook won ' t
st . louis area muslim organization pledges solidarity &amp; assistance following vandalization of local jewish cemetery
feather implant gives owl in saskatoon new lease on life
skydiver reunited with prosthetic leg that flew off at 10 , 000 feet
a group of people show love by making signs and singing to man standing on the edge of roof in standoff with cops
illinois man with rare disorder captures millions of hearts when he meets santa
tasmanian devils evolve resistance to facial cancers
200 asylum seekers seek refuge in maine 1 , 200 people volunteer to help
norway man finds 325 , 000kr [$38k ) in new homes fireplace , and . . .
cancer causing virus on the ropes
after their friend joe mcgrath dropped out of a pre booked vacation , 9 friends get a total stranger with the same name to take his place .
up in smoke: pre employment marijuana testing goes poof in nyc and nevada
man devotes his life to sharing vegetables to promote " shareocracy
nevada bans gay and trans panic defense
ethiopia celebrates defeat of italian forces in the battle of adwa
paralyzed grandma given gift of play with her family
the bbc is to ban single use plastics by 2020 , after tv series blue planet ii highlighted the scale of sea pollution .
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
50 years old war ends with peace deal in columbia
slow lorises being sold on facebook rescued in west java bbc news
10 year old with hearing aids can ' t attend black sabbath concert , but has lunch with ozzy instead
chance the rapper sets up art fund and donates to 12 more schools
' angel ' who pulled teens from car wreckage says he ' s no superhero
rahul gandhi sent over from srinagar airport
dog heros ! sophie and tad saved 88 sheep from fire , coyotes and bears .
til that a vancouver man recently scooped in 2 million dollars on his birthday in a lottery . surprisingly the day he won the sum is the same day when he was going to retire .
belgian cancer researcher is going to run 2 . 400 km in 32 days for patients and his son
cyntoia brown granted clemency , to be released august 2019 ny daily news
woman rescued from car stalled in flood . video in article .
phi delta theta fraternity gives 8th grader with down syndrome " night of his life " , makes him an honorary member
two thirds of americans give priority to developing alternative energy over fossil fuels
security camera captures stranger returning wallet stuffed with $1 , 500 in cash
graffiti artists awarded $6 . 7 million from landlord who destroyed their work
good samaritans rescue 26 people from sinking boat
syrian refugee opens restaurant in tennessee , wins title of ' nicest place in america '
california has hit its 2020 greenhouse gas emissions goal years ahead of schedule
dogs rescued from south korean ' dog eating festival ' arrive in wisconsin
the health benefits of owning a dog: a healthier , longer life
37 taliban killed after car bomb prematurely explodes
sheikh omar abdel rahman , linked to 1993 world trade center attack , has died
veteran gets $500 surprise tip &amp; help w/magic career for his good deeds in positive prank video new random acts of kindness internet show . feedback appreciated !
cape breton radio station surprises loyal hong kong listener with lobster lunch
fast food regulars raise over $1 , 000 for friendly drive thu worker .
pennsylvania resident steals yard signs from neighborhood to protect harry potter festival attendees from hate spewing protesters .
family cash in grand national red rum bet from 1974
family , friends help restore classic car for local man
mlb pitcher adam wainwright pays for prospects rental car after seeing him walk everywhere
maine man does c section on porcupine roadkill , saves baby
my friend made a tribute to her single father raising her . go single dads !
google to require temp and contract workers to receive healthcare and parental leave
colombia and farc rebels sign historic ceasefire deal to end 50 year conflict | world news
subway hero rescues woman being sexually assaulted
how a bakery is using bread making to help people with mental health issues
homeless teen graduates at the top of his class
toddler thought bride was the real life ' princess ' from her ' favorite book '
man helps repair washed out road , discover he ' s helping man who saved his life
mother finds lost son , after 33 years apart
bulldogs stolen from sanford home found safe
72 year old tucson woman , dog survived 9 days in arizona wilderness
victory for free speech: gregory alan elliott not guilty in canadian ' twitter trial '
after ' tweaker island , ' glimmers of hope former residents of the hidden community in portland , oregon ' s columbia slough , once consumed by addiction , are now in recovery thanks to the support of the union gospel mission .
advocates launch $250k ad campaign to support protections for troops against predatory lenders
girlfriend tricks would be fighter into abandoning is
family ' s pit bull alerts them to house fire , tries to drag infant to safety
after 54 long years tokyo sees a breathtaking snowfall in november
a bus driver started braiding hair of girl who lost her mom
police scotland approves hijab as official uniform to boost number of muslim women joining force
minneapolis attorney booted from law firm after hes exposed as the owner of neo nazi record label
dentist helping homeless smile with free dental work
hero boy tackles bully who targeted lone student
groom rescues struggling swimmer moments after beach wedding
a boy was dying from a rare disease , lymphatic anomaly . his doctors had pinpointed the genetic mutation driving the disease , but had no idea how to treat it . so they made zebrafish with the mutation and screened hundreds of fda approved drugs . they found one that worked , and the boy has recovered .
army honors three students killed in parkland shooting
car wash company hires adults with autism
new medical procedure could delay menopause by 20 years
pakistani province surges towards goal of planting 1 billion trees; govt announces plan to plant 100 million more nationwide .
pnc bank has announced that they will no longer do business/banking with the private prisons behind mass incarceration
panic and a search through 15 tons of hospital waste turn up prized necklace
why 2017 may be the best year ever
terminally ill kid ( 6yo ) wants to raise money to help children in third world countries
friends for forty years: never before seen pictures show how koko the gorilla struck up an inseparable bond with the trainer who taught her to communicate
service dog help kids testify in ontario court
solitude is glory , but loneliness is pain . it ' s time to reach out
death of 10 year old girl prompts first fgm prosecution in somalia ' s history
waitrose employee , 25 , signed by man who created blue after she performs during shift
the steelers ' tyler matakevich big , tough nfl player falls for adorable , adoptable puppy at photo shoot
this police officer ' s song made 1 . 5 lakh people sign up for eye donation
endangered 1 , 000 pound sea turtle spotted nesting on caribbean beach
ikea has a plan to fix the pollution crisis in india ' s cities
couple that runs non profit finds thousands in cash under the floorboards during home renovation .
about 1 , 000 runners stripped down for a good cause during cupids undie run in downtown denver on saturday . proceeds from the race go to the childrens tumor foundation to help fight against neurofibromatosis , a genetic disorder that causes tumors to form on nerve tissue .
man leaves 10 , 000% tip for waitress going to college
23 charts that show why this is the best moment in history to be born
delaware man reunited with dogs after suffering heart attack , animal shelter foots the bill
oakland in california legalizes magic mushrooms and peyote
96 year old dr . heimlich ( who created the heimlich maneuver ) saved an 87 year old woman using his very own method at his retirement home
dog swims 6 miles to shore , hikes another 12 to reunite with family
father with cancer is thankful to former classmate for saving his toddler from a rare disease by donating a kidney
more than 2 , 000 feral cats captured , neutered in osceola county
man loses half his body weight after bet with friends
del taco helps local family pay it forward
the cia helped russian security services foil planned terror attack on a st petersburg cathedral
horse falls through ice , is rescued by fire department
nick talbot becomes the first person with cystic fibrosis to climb mount everest after surviving last year ' s avalanche .
these 3d printed switch adapters allow one handed gamers to play zelda
woman becomes youngest person to visit every country on earth
meet the animals putting their paws up at belgium ' s retirement home for elderly pets .
powerlifter , 69 , overcame blindness , homelessness , addiction , cancer , and the death of his daughter to become a champion
johnny depp to purchase wounded knee and gift it back to native americans
26 years later , vietnamese refugee finds norwegian sailors who rescued her
grenfell tower fire survivor reunited with her rescuer
an emotional opening for hamilton in puerto rico not just for lin manuel miranda but an island still reeling from a storm
viral video of a mom djing shines light on a filipino american music pioneer
four local breweries collaborate on beer to benefit ellicott city , baltimore flood relief
children donate park bench in the very spot their parents started dating 75 years ago
scaramucci fired after failing to do the fandango
first gen immigrant , aspiring journalist and writer , gets accepted to all 8 ivies
a spot of good news in ebola crisis: vaccine supplies are expected to last
man orders 2 waters at greenville hot dog joint , leaves $10 , 000 tip
rejoice californians
ceo closes factory and fly all employees on holiday to thailand
after their chihuahua was mauled to death , elderly couple overwhelmed with emotion when given a puppy
california teenager reunites with ' hero ' postal carrier who ' saved ' her from sex trafficking
church that posted anti lgbt sign is forced out of building
terrorism in pakistan declines by 89% in 8 years
comic artists draw out stories from resettled syrian refugees
son in law donates portion of liver to save bride ' s father
anheuser busch brewery pauses beer production to can emergency drinking water
' i want kids to have the opportunity like i do . ' oilers superfan fundraises to send low income kids to playoffs
homeless canadian man donates $10000 to local shelter house
bank returns stolen funds of richard overton , the world ' s oldest living wwii veteran .
2 streetcars that survived a bomb are still running in hiroshima
princess diana ' s landmine crusade to get 400 , 000 boost international development secretary pledges extra uk aid to help eradicate hidden , indiscriminate killer
france ' s 104 year old twins say closeness is the secret
lehi teen builds shed to share the bounty at community garden
cops say uber driver saved 16 year old passenger from sex trafficking
phoenix rising: a special powered exoskeleton named phoenix is helping paraplegic patients walk again .
we ' re almost there !
amazing 105 year old man breaking records to raise money for charity .
community college students take 2nd in nasa robotics competition
chernobyl: the wildlife haven created when people left
little rock , arkansas police officer catches attention of famous rapper who helps him raise money to buy toys for less fortunate children
a couple accidentally proposed to each other at the same time and the video is the most heartwarming thing you ' ll see all day .
the worlds biggest positive action to rid our planet of waste will take place on the 15th of september 2018 .
geoffrey rogers inspires others as a young journalist
two canadian airlines have suspended their rules about pets in the cabin , allowing wildfire evacuees to fly with their animals .
vr company partners with veterans home to treat seniors with ptsd , dementia , and other age related illnesses by giving them immersive and meaningful experiences via vr technology
thirteen year old ' s public rock museum was robbed , so people continent wide offer donations and samples from their collections
france gets g7 to discuss global regulation of medicine prices
where isis stored weapons , mosul now has a funfair in pictures
my mom helped the canadian mountain running team get to their event without being disqualified becaus of not finding the right shirts !
fashion show features kids with cancer dressed as their dream careers
apple is collecting donations for harvey storm relief through itunes
watch: meet the lad with no hands who is being hailed as piano prodigy . he has no fingers but this 15 year old orphan has shown the world this is no obstacle to realising his dreams .
the american student who gave cambodian children a chance to get clean
researchers reconstruct beautiful house in pompeii by using 3d technology
this ohio man is playing 50 rounds of golf in 50 states in 50 days to honor his son who has diabetes and his late father
robert e . lee descendant resigns as pastor over racial justice comment
young girl ' s lemonade stand raises more than $1000 for cancer research
israelis lead secret operation to deliver more than 100 tons of supplies to refugees in syria , an enemy state
arachnophobi yeah ! man invents a device that humanely catches spiders
actor danny trejo comes to aid of baby that was trapped in overturned car
huge sea turtles coming back from brink of extinction .
update on five year old boy thrown from the third floor of the mall of america , " there was zero evidence of brain damage there wasn ' t even swelling . no spinal cord injury , no nerve damage , no internal injuries that were life threatening
wayward dog belonging to california family found in michigan
singer stops show to rescue harassed girl
a team of students at purdue university dedicates hours each week to designing and funding a preschool to be built in ecuador
israeli scientists say they may find a cure for cancer within a year .
hawaiian airlines previews hawaiian language flights: airline attendants will speak in both english and hawaiian on flights selected at random .
emotional return to n . l . for tamils rescued 30 years ago
mali , a british military dog that served in afghanistan , was just awarded the animal equivalent to the victoria cross britain ' s highest award for valor
a dream come true: holocaust survivor sings national anthem at detroit tigers game
in 2015 , the girl scouts were offered an anonymous $100 , 000 donation , with the only condition being it couldnt be used to support transgender girls . they turned it down , and launched a counter online funding campaign that made $300 , 000 .
children with autism , who may become overwhelmed by crowds or noise , will be able to browse the zoo for an hour before it opens to the public
san francisco 49ers send new jersey to homeless fan
diego the giant tortoise had so much sex he ' saved his entire species '
fisherman beats ' one in two million ' odds with rare blue lobster catch
a cardiac nurse couldn ' t afford a pacemaker for her dog , so she started a program to donate used ones to pets
bristol university launches free degrees for refugees and asylum seekers
humans teamed up to rescue elephants from a large hole
iraqi refugee from a family of goldsmiths for more than 600 years makes a present for australia his new home
87 year old man receives honorary high school diploma
tiger population nearly doubles in nepal
germany to vote on same sex marriage after merkel drops opposition
nhl names a player on each team as lgbtq inclusion ambassador , as part of you can play initiative .
four pilots recovered after navy jet collision off north carolina coast
emiratis banned from keeping wild pets
american civil war plant medicines inhibit growth , biofilm formation , and quorum sensing by multidrug resistant bacteria ( may 2019 ) " with the growing threat of antibiotic resistance ( listed as a global threat , as per the world health organization ) , natural product extracts could be a way forward
10 , 872 new yorkers to see their marijuana convictions disappear
' honour killings ' : pakistan closes loophole allowing killers to go free
a birthday bash at brooklands zoo in new plymouth was ' otter ' this world ( otter gets birthday party ! )
brazilian parrot receives world ' s first titanium 3d printed beak
the fbi is now tracking animal cruelty cases around the nation compiling a database of the crimes . the fbi will use the data to find patterns and identify ways to prevent animal cruelty .
people helping a puppy inches away from death
someone is stepping up
reporter finds missing woman with dementia
syrian refugee gets top results at australian school
2 hawk chicks fallen from nest were saved by fire department ( in germany ) nerdsfun
it ' s illegal to own only one guinea pig in switzerland because they get lonely and need a friend
georgia company raises minimum wage to $15
california firefighter rescues tiny puppy from burning house
50 wonderful things from 2017
activists gather 11 million signatures against chinas infamous dog meat festival
student claims his invention could clean up the world ' s ocean in just 5 years
marine kicked out of marine corps for role in charlottesville white supremacist march | wtop
a florida retiree has won the womens division in key wests annual conch shell blowing contest and accepted a marriage proposal from a fellow competitor .
633 divers set world record for beach cleanup .
the man who looks after 735 dogs bbc news
baby sees dad for first time with glasses after emotional military homecoming
girls ' football team ridiculed for entering boys ' league silence critics by winning it
purse lost in high school in the 1950s to be reunited with owner
' miracle ' woman shot in the heart saved by firefighter boyfriend in las vegas shooting
china and india are making the planet greener , nasa says
this mom was having a really bad day . that changed when police pulled her over
perth man saved stranger ' s life near bali
foster children beam after judge announces adoption
a scottish council plans to provide free meals to children who need them 365 days a year , in a scheme that will be the first of its kind in the uk if approved at a council meeting next tuesday . north lanarkshire proposal comes as teachers report seeing more malnourished pupils .
iraqi school children dump islamic state ' s books of violence we are happy to be back at school , said eight year old iman , who like most of her classmates stopped attending classes after islamic state took control
bill weld to run in republican primary
man posted a request for snow shovelers . 120 showed up
canadian government could pardon 500 , 000 canadians with small pot convictions
mom who went into labor during harvard law school finals graduates
8 year old goes black friday shopping , donates toys
indian solar power prices hit record low , undercutting fossil fuels
tesla owner sacrifices his car to save another driver
in the time of trump , founder of paramount restaurants is thinking way beyond shawarma | toronto star
kelloggs is using rejected cereal to create a line of beers in efforts to reduce food waste .
divorce in u . s . plunges to 35 year low
university sends mercenary team to extract researcher from is territory .
iron boy: meet the courageous kid on a mission to save sydney
dog rescued from euthanasia is now in training to become autistic boy ' s personal direwolf
christchurch , new zealand cancer sufferer saves 11 people from suspicious house fire
maine land from burt ' s bees founder is new national monument
this woman saved her pony from california ' s wildfires in a honda accord
jay z bailing out dads on fathers day
in bellingham , they help the homeless by building trust with those living on the streets
black and white best friends get matching haircuts to try to trick their teacher
a baby badger that fell off a steep cliff and plummeted into the sea was rescued by a kayaker , who didn ' t let the scared animal go even after it bit him
high school robotics students build power wheelchair for 2 year old with genetic mobility condition
' they took the hatred out of me ' : how refugee neighbors changed a man ' s mind about muslims
bollywood superstar amitabh bachchan pays off 438 , 000 of debt owed by 1 , 398 farmers
group of university of kansas professors has received a grant from the national endowment to put on a symposium all about aumi , the adaptive use musical instrument .
students and faculty raised money to fly mom from nigeria to see her son graduate
person found after missing for 42 years .
letter to myself for when my son was diagnosed with apraxia something i wrote to give others with special needs kids hope for the future , that i wish i too could have read back when my son was first diagnosed
burrito brigade serves 100 , 000th burrito to someone in need
anchorage drivers will be able to donate school supplies instead of paying $20 parking ticket
so lovely ! ring bearer and little bride in 1990 later turns husband and wife
ca lawmakers pass bill to erase old pot convictions
japanese non profit seeks to reunite retro games with their childhood owners
isis leader behind turkey nightclub attack is killed by us forces in secretive raid
colorado children praised for returning a wallet stuffed with $700 in cash to its owner
good samaritan puts out grease fire in neighbors kitchen
terminal cancer patient marries fiancee with help of wish upon a wedding ' s philly chapter
dan black became paralyzed after a cycling accident &amp; spent 4 years raising 22 , 000 to pay for pioneering treatment that might help him walk again . however , upon hearing about a disabled boy needing surgery ( that stood a better chance of success ) , he donated all the money to him instead .
this photo of a proud brother hugging his sister at her pre k graduation is going viral
lab grown organs could save 20 people a day; successfully tested on living pigs production and transplantation of bio engineered lung into a large animal model
until age 92 , this nana sent her 12 grandkids weekly notes and $20 bills using her own " nanagram " stationary ( 2017 )
this high school student invented a way to reduce pesticides in the water that bees prefer to drink
search for stranger who paid stranded girl ' s 85 train ticket
shark attacks around world fell by about one quarter in 2018
mans facebook post about traffic stop goes viral
bumblebees can be optimistic , study finds
new copyright exemptions let you legally repair your phone or jailbreak voice assistants the us copyright office has made it legal to hack your tractor
now elon musk is offering to rebuild puerto rico ' s entire power grid
the market has spoken clean energy just became the cheapest source of electricity
north carolina firefighters become babysitters during emergency medical call
lost highway brewing company donates beer proceeds in honor of family it ' s named for .
chase erases canadian credit card debit " take it as a gift
fall out boy to donate houston concert proceeds to hurricane harvey relief
scientists report that six people with severe spinal cord injuries three of them completely paralyzed have regained use of their hands and fingers for the first time in years after undergoing a nonsurgical , noninvasive spinal stimulation procedure the researchers developed .
3 year old fighting cancer gets magical disney ' tattoos ' to be just like dad
' brownlee moment ' as pupil carries friend to finishing line bbc news
veteran has helped clean thousands of military headstones in honor of memorial day
young b . c . brothers rescued after hours lost in deep snow
a private citizen has spent over three million dollars to salvage , store , and maintain portions of the statue of liberty over the past 30 years .
black men are succeeding in america
turning trash into cash in madison , wisconsin
i guess its uplifting !
shell gives up offshore licenses so ottawa can create a marine park
dad takes daughter out drinking until she blacks out to teach her a valuable lesson
ronda rousey keeps promise , attends marine corps ball cbssports . com
meet florence rigney , america ' s oldest working nurse
north and south korean gymnasts pose for olympic selfie
salute this forest officer who built 497 toilets in keralas tribal colonies lets appreciate her the youth
we are with you manchester !
jewish settlers invited palestinians over for the holidays . everything went better than expected .
this group of bikers have guarded a girls house 24/7 to protect her from her abusive father
scientists can turn regular seawater into hydrogen fuel
man finds girl he saved from fire 65 years ago living next door
taiwan will train 10 , 000 ai workers per year for google , microsoft and more to meet rising demand
4 year old girl donates piggy bank money to police officer with cancer
animal lovers raise more than 18 , 000 after alleged break in at a cat sanctuary
toronto hospital to host " quest to conquer cancer " week long fundraiser with streaming marathon on twitch and youtube
joe presley , born with one arm , joins sheriff ' s office in ozarks
this indian school accepts plastic waste instead of fees
idaho boy clinically decapitated in crash survives with help of good samaritan
91 year old wwii vet gets high school diploma with grandson
u . s . police use data to focus on places , not people , and cut crime by up to 40%
this amazing app sees objects for blind people
auschwitz survivor and soldier who rescued her celebrate 71st valentines day together
off duty police officer saves 3yr old girl ' s life on his wedding day
charity foundation provides wheelchairs for 3 , 000 people with disabilities
letters/packages are coming in ! thank you all .
starbucks opens its first us sign language store in washington , dc
universal music group donating $500 , 000 to manchester victims
dog saves wedding guests from suicide bomber
campaign to allow a terminally ill marvel fan to see an early screening of avengers endgame has succeeded !
millennials are causing the u . s . divorce rate to plummet
make corporations accountable
flight attendant adopts stray dog that always awaited her return from countries abroad
the world bank is raising $1 billion to fight entrepreneurships gender gap
delhi taxi driver returned bag worth rs 8 lakh despite having dept of rs . 70000
new york has just opened its first breast milk donation bank
a houston news crew helped rescue a dog left chained to a front porch tuesday as floodwaters surged to record levels .
hawaii health department gets $300k for beach water monitoring
nine year old us reporter defiant after critics say ' go back to playing with dolls ' | media
65 , 000 people from 121 countries have written one melody . now we are writing the lyrics .
autism climbs introduces kids on the spectrum to the joy of climbing in boulder , co
owner reunited with his dog who he found living on the street 3 years after he went missing . the dogs reaction when he realised who it is
new report says marriage could help reduce risk of dementia
i thought id just help her out a bit . waitress stunned by $2 , 000 tip from truck driver who didnt even get the correct order
10 puppies , 3 other dogs saved from house fire
local businessman donates thousands of toy cars to akron childrens hospital
veterans do matter to some . . . love it
survivor sews pillows for those battling breast cancer
men with prostate cancer could avoid invasive surgery thanks to new test
an 11 year old ' s clever ' ice cold beer ' sign sure got the cops ' attention
discovery enables ' mass produced blood '
buffalo police officer who saved toddler called godsend
man from new orleans brings speedboat and monster truck to help houston victims
3 good samaritans jump in canal to save man trapped in truck
watch as an 11 year old chinese boy with no legs makes an impressive climb up mount lao
australian rhino project moving rhinoceros from africa to protect against poaching
dr chaturvedi has co invented 18 medical devices to help address inefficiencies he ' s spotted in the indian healthcare system
maryland farm thanks police , fire fighters with ' our heroes ' corn maze
his dog was stolen by ' monsters ' months ago . he just drove 900 miles to get him back
sesame street to introduce first muppet with autism
australian capital territory to be powered by 100% renewable energy by 2020
police in manitoba pulled a woman over on valentine ' s day for having a headlight out , and gave her a rose instead of a ticket
russia has been barred from the 2018 winter games for systematic doping . it ' s a punishment without precedent in olympic history .
kind widower gives his precious van away so young couple can go on ' adventures ' like he did with his late wife
little caesars location serves over 142 , 000 pizza slices ( and counting ) to homeless population
a group of wealthy us philanthropists and investors have donated almost half a million pounds to support the grassroots movement extinction rebellion and school strike groups with the promise of tens of millions more in the months ahead .
eager for his son to learn the importance of being humble and kind , father takes his son on weeklong backpacking trip with only $15 to get by
australian burns survivor turia pitt completes 140mi ironman
a teen who tried to steal an outfit because he said he needed it for a job interview earlier this week is officially employed thanks to the help of a toronto police officer .
thousands of young danes take part in climate strike at parliament
whitehorse newlyweds overwhelmed with love at halifax pride parade
chef jose andres opens pop up kitchen on pennsylvania ave . to serve free meals to federal workers during the shutdown
scientists use astronomy software to protect endangered creatures from poachers
world war ii vet celebrates 100th birthday
tennessee may become the only state to offer tuition free community college to high school students and adults .
zuckerberg and chan aim to tackle all disease by 2100
greyhounds destined for dinner plate in china get new lives in u . k .
the heart of clemson football the toughest guy in the clemson football program is an equipment manager
green bay police officer buys food for boy accused of shoplifting
bristish cosmologist stephen hawking will travel to space on board richard branson ' s ship: ' i thought no one would take me ' , the cosmologist and physicist said
human virus cells can be discovered and identified quicker thanks to new surveillance tool a new computational method developed by the broad institute of mit and harvard ( catch ) will facilitate swifter diagnosis of unknown illnesses , which are suspected to originate from viral causes .
chinese boy tries to gift mother $1 , 200 diamond ring , bursts into tears when he gets rejected
slovenia adds water to constitution as fundamental right for all
524 dogs &amp; cats attended a massive adoption event and they all found homes !
20 years ago today: brookfield zoo gorilla helps boy who fell into habitat
father formulates natural remedy for his sons worsening eczema
alan turing law grants posthumous pardons to gay men in britain
facebook and microsoft team up to lay a massive internet cable across the atlantic
pawn shop buys violin for $50 , finds out it ' s worth $250 , 000
missing cincinnati police dog found
world ' s largest fog catching project conjures water for communities at the edge of the sahara
crazy idea to change the world: what if we gave kids a good start in life ?
colorado baker jack phillips wins second round of transgender cake battle as state withdraws complaint
when a memorial to emmett till was vandalized , these high school students stepped up
maine lobster boat crew saves eagle from atlantic ocean
a country doctor ' s legacy , and a rural community that donated much more than blood for 60 years , dr ron bade served his australian country town around the clock .
generous new yorkers help homeless girl scout troop sell 17 , 000 boxes of cookies
fashion school student uses her skills to design cheap jackets that transform into tents and sleeping bags for refugees
in a medical first , brain implant allows paralyzed man to feel again
syrian refugee comes to the rescue of canadian bride ' s wedding dress tailor from aleppo had arrived only four days before
american high school graduation rate reaches all time high of 83%
cure for cancer ? 12 month cancer free patient after single treatment
india launches massive push for clean power , lighting , and cars
passengers kindness helps uber driver travel to rio to see his son compete
steph curry releases sneaker co designed by girl who asked why only boys sizes existed
mexican man in vancouver meets incendiary statements with a message of kindness and understanding; a plea for civility
the global crackdown on parents who refuse vaccines for their kids has begun: countries like italy and australia are tired of measles outbreaks so they ' re moving to fine anti vaccine parents .
def leppard to take photo with arkansas school of the deaf , the deaf leopards
officer gives gift cards to people down on their luck
care home teams up with animal shelter to look after abandoned kittens
a 13 year old opened a hot dog stand in front of his home in minnesota , causing a complaint to the health department . instead of shutting him down , the inspectors helped him bring his stand up to code and paid the $87 fee for his permit out of their own pockets .
cancer survivor receives a new jaw via 3d printing
dying is ' happier than you think '
mexicans pardoned from malaysia death row return home | thestartv . com
girl donates over 500 stuffed animals for police to carry in squad cars for children experiencing trauma .
medically assisted suicide becomes legal in hawaii
a 4 foot 4 texas basketball sensation is the talk of the high school scene
princess leias turn out in force as new orleans mourns carrie fisher
pittsburgh hero: mlb umpire saves woman from edge of clemente bridge
milwaukee nurse creates mobile shower unit for homeless
post office boots blind ' broom guy '
texas zoo sets up gift registry , planning baby shower for pregnant orangutan
north and south korea reduce dmz military activity
i once delivered freight to yale as a trucker . and now i was interviewed by their 75 year old political publication for my congressional campaign !
new orca calf reported in southern resident j pod ( near seattle and vancouver )
seven helpless duck chicks had to be rescued by the police and the fire department in main street in herdecke , germany .
california ' s drought is almost over
young mum fulfils her wish to marry the love of her life before she dies
canadian man finds pants after a night of drinking ( x post /r/canada )
sisters ' lemonade stand helps classmates pay off thousands in lunch debt , nc mom says
orange peel drought innovation by african teen wins google prize
a homeless man writes a bestselling novel . with the advance from the publishing company , he buys a phone to keep in touch with his fans .
the future is now people
through a letter campaign , my cousin managed to get a major hotel company to better accommodate guests with autism
it only took 20 years . this call changed everything .
tree kangaroo rediscovered after 90 years
restaurant puts fridge in street so hungry people can take leftovers
' rugby is our religion ' : fiji erupts in celebration of olympic sevens gold
reduction in domestic violence injuries linked to marijuana decriminalization , study finds
irish woman to be reunited with her husband after he was wrongfully deported
flight attendant saves girl from human trafficking
a supreme court judge in brazil has suspended president jair bolsonaro ' s plan to transfer power over indigenous land to the country ' s agriculture ministry .
veterans to hand out thousands of pounds worth of food and vouchers in a random act of kindness
come to reddit for the memes . stay for the mental health support .
cosmetology course in californian state prison gives male prisoners another chance
george and amal clooney donate $500k to gun control march . they gave the sum to the upcoming march for our lives event that will take place march 24 in washington , d . c .
mattel releases " curvy barbie " doll
inmate saves baby from locked suv using his car theft skills
manatee no longer listed as endangered .
north korea frees canadian pastor sentenced to life of hard labour
singaporean company is taking waste from marina bay sands and employing mentally handicapped people to grow sustainable food from it .
nebraska ice cream parlor to hire mostly people with special needs
new york state police rescues 103 puppies from overturned truck
powerball winner of $344 million jackpot used numbers from fortune cookie he got from his granddaughter . says he would donate some of it to several charities and give $1 million to his brother to make good on a deal they made
jk rowling slams " stupidity " and " spite " of christian ministry ' s attack on gay olympian tom daley
mexicos leftist president elect wants to sell the jetliner that comes with the job , calling it a wasteful luxury
father takes money set aside for daughter ' s wedding and builds 90 apartments for homeless .
nyc subway operator plucks autistic boy to safety after hes seen wandering train tracks
walking frame helps injured lamb get around
102 year old couple ' s enduring love cnn . com
god made us all the same . " father shares heartwarming photo of his son comforting his teammate
villagers are knitting jumpers for indian elephants to protect them from near freezing temperatures
christianity grows in syrian town once besieged by islamic state
mystery of the female orgasm may be solved
woman helps free man who shot her 26 years ago during robbery
multiple acts of kindness
very constructive !
pitbull is using his private plane to transport cancer patients out of puerto rico
how to earn new cryptocurrency littercoin by mapping plastic pollution
despite many obstacles , the world is getting better
liverpool taps blockchain to be worlds first climate positive city by 2020
ethiopia will plant 4bn trees to fight deforestation
barzani charity foundation supports idps , refugees , school children
diner surprises irish waiter in texas with $750 tip . " hopefully , this can get you back to ireland for the holidays .
formerly conjoined twins leave lucile packard childrens hospital
police officer adopts dog he saved from near death after it was shot in the face and doused in bleach .
toddler with rare liver disease needed a liver . . . so her new nanny donated part of hers .
world ' s smallest baby boy at birth to leave hospital in japan
conservation goal for the amazon exceeded: more than 60 million hectares protected
colony of 83 bats rescued from behind a mural
after one woman saved chicago ' s homeless from the cold , an army of strangers followed her lead
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
crowd gathers to catch a girl falling off a six flags ride [x post r/peoplebeingbros]
the globes biggest maritime shipping company is abandoning fossil fuels
india lifted 271 million people out of poverty between 2006 and 2016 un
comics by randall munroe , creator of xkcd , may soon be in high school textbooks
german wind power beats hard coal , nuclear power for first time
india has planted nearly 66 million trees in 12 hours
jennifer lawrence is spending $2 million to save kids with heart problems
kanye west hospitalized after national tour abruptly cancelled: sources
dog saves family after childs bed catches fire
a brave acid attack victim who is presenting hope to all of the acid attack victims
lebron james surprises i promise school students with check for $1 million
uk couple travel to calais &amp; feed refugees for a year . . . ( ' we just couldn ' t go home there are people whose kids are hungry ' )
sea otters in california will remain safe with the supreme court ' s decision to not reinstate the no otter zone
' wonderful ' mum praised for breaking school rules and helping disabled daughter on sports day
random customer surprises popeyes employee by paying for her nursing school education
britain ' s first female second world war spy to get overdue recognition
prince william visits vietnam to promote wildlife conservation
irish president michael d higgins bought soft serve ice creams for an entire crowd gathered for a harbour centennial today
' guard squirrel ' foils burglary by attacking home intruder
this article is breaking down mathematically that it is basically a miracle that you exist
10+ elderly couples that prove love has no age limit
oregon governor signs landmark anti coal bill into law
a chicago man ran the boston marathon with a cow heart valve 11 weeks after open heart surgery . 13 years later , hes running for another milestone .
first united methodist church on 1201 lavaca in texas has stopped marrying straight people until it can hold same sex weddings
( japanese article ) watson saves japanese woman ' s life by correctly identifying her disease after treatment failed . her genome was analyzed and the correct diagnosis was returned in ten minutes . apparently first ever case of a life directly being saved by an ai in japan .
citizens in india ' s capital of new delhi save 16 , 000 trees from being cut down by the government .
us navy sailors stranded in montreal by river ice , helping out with local homeless shelter
barclays is latest to cut finance ties with private prisons
paralyzed adam gorlitsky walks 17 . 2 miles with exoskeleton at la marathon
dog rescued after chasing cat into 5 foot deep hole dug by tortoise
elon musk has set aside $15 million for an xprize contest for entrepreneurs who can find the most effective way to use software to teach illiterate children living in extreme poverty .
u/waterguy12 returns today
when an ' anti homeless ramp ' was built outside a bank , the people of liverpool had a wonderful response .
australia legalises same sex marriage
widower donates life insurance to save others from medical debt
boaty mcboatface makes significant climate change discovery on maiden mission
wearable smart clothing patch can provide personal heating and cooling . the device is powered by a stretchable battery pack and was designed to be easily integrated into clothing and comfortable to wear . according to the researchers , the patches would reduce the need for heating and air conditioning
asda store creates ' quiet hour ' to help people with autism and disabilities . display tvs and tannoy announcements will also be switched off , to make the experience better for people with autism who can find loud noises difficult to deal with .
don ' t move ! tourists freeze as elephants grab a drink from swimming pool
mission success .
the illegal immigrant from mali who saved a child from falling off a balcony in paris , will be naturalized french citizen , president macron said .
woman tries to return winter coat , company issues full refund and tells her to donate it .
strangers doing ' the right thing ' : riders unite to help syrian family on wrong train toronto
dog makes ' miracle ' recovery after being shot in head , thrown in snowbank
billy ray harris , a homeless man , looked after and returned a womans $4 , 000 engagement ring after she accidentally dropped it into his cup . to thank him , she set up a fund that raised over $185 , 000 for him .
major russian bank clears all debts of tu 154 plane crash victims
why this michigan rescue is bringing back puppies from beirut
city unwraps toys for tickets canadian city lets residents donate toys to pay for parking tickets
canada ' s poverty rate has reached the lowest level ever recorded . the proportion of people below the poverty line is now 9 . 5% , down from 15 . 6% in 2006 .
southern great barrier reef island shows signs of coral recovery after cyclone hamish
the youngest is 50 . the oldest is 77 . and they ' re taking a shot at a weightlfting record: a dozen women spent 60 minutes monday morning working up a sweat at magic island . they were trying to set a new guinness world record for the most weight hoisted in an hour by a kettlebell team .
liveleak . com colorado store clerk rescues baby as mom collapses
monsanto finally fined for their carcinogenic roundup .
hundreds marry in taiwan on asia ' s first day of same sex marriage
climate change: 237 companies pledge to come clean
faith in humanity restored 8 yo girl with brain cancer uses her make a wish to clean up trash
how bangladeshi inventors are making eco friendly air conditioners from plastic bottles
snooker star ronnie o ' sullivan bought food and drink for a homeless man lying in the snow in cardiff
this millennial entrepreneur has a plan to end the global water crisis
jewish philanthropist purchased winning powerball ticket for his employee .
kindhearted couple replaces lost ipad for nonverbal woman with autism
my dad ' s girlfriend ' s car exploded . two strangers saved her life . a local car dealership ( not even the same brand as hers and definitely not responsible ) has given her a brand new car . the part about the new car is on ky3 ' s facebook page . people are pretty awesome sometimes .
virtual reality to aid auschwitz war trials of concentration camp guards
boko haram crushed , forced out of last enclave
rhino census in india ' s kaziranga park counts 12 more
seven reasons why the world is improving
young father going blind releases rock music to cope with depression/anxiety
nh elementary school hosts duck wedding
emma the pug wins third international title in berlin
nypd officers help wheelchair bound veteran , 85 , left shivering in front of steps
work release inmates rescue florida baby locked inside suv
unaids report: hiv related deaths down a third since 2010
isis men are disguising as women to escape mosul . but this one didnt make it
homeless couple in cape town , south africa , marry after 30 years thanks to support of capetonians
outpouring of support for victoria ' bus boy ' born with rare disorder
airline safety: 2017 was safest year in history for passengers around world , research shows
baby born on 7 eleven day , at 7:11 p . m . , weighing 7 lbs . 11 oz .
missing 8 year old and 5 year old found safe after being in woods for 2 nights .
costco raising minimum wage to $14 an hour
first class passenger gave up seat to mom with sick baby
local irishman man saves elderly american tourists after car plunges into kerry sea
obituary drummer braves irma to save kitten .
79 students kidnapped from a school in cameroon are freed
in india stakeholders make drug affordable for all
breakfast , lunch now free to all students at 77 atlanta schools
free on a tree: 10yo boy ' s mission to warm hobart ' s homeless
can ' t we all just not kill each other ?
los angeles passed a $1 . 2b proposition yesterday to build permanent housing for the city ' s 28 , 000 homeless
g7 to release emergency aid for amazon forest fire crisis
tesco offers job to man who stole from store to feed his family
nfl wide reciever andre johnson continued his tradition of buying kids toys for christmas after spending $19 , 144 . 58 in houston this morning
dogs stick with sheep through wildfire
puppy rescued after being stuck for 11 days in istanbul well
merriam webster adds " cryptocurrency " , " blockchain " and " ico " to their dictionary
life saving utah dog is rewarded with a spot in her owners high school yearbook
kosovo wins first ever gold medal in judo since joining olympics 2 years ago
south africa court: using apartheid era flag is hate speech , should be punished
beyonce follows chance the rappers footsteps . donates $1 million to brooklyn public schools .
the goods: youth homeless shelter brings hope
anti puppy mill bill passes ca state senate
texas young democrats , young republicans join forces to help louisiana flood victims " our generation recognizes that some things are just plain bigger than ourselves , " said celia morgan , president of the texas young democrats . " after all , southern hospitality knows no political affiliation .
4 year old is best friends with the janitor who cleaned his hospital room
teens help suicidal man after passersby do nothing
aisd targets literacy rate for low income students with free book fair
service dog returns home after owner had been forced to remove him
my eyes are leaking now . . .
sweden , while being the 2nd largest paper exporter in the world , is actually increasing the sizes of their forests by planting 3 trees for each 1 they cut down .
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can be with sick wife
led lights reduce seabird death toll from fishing by 85 per cent , research shows
lds church will now allow baptism for children of lgbtq parents .
enamel regeneration breakthrough could end tooth decay agony , scientists say researchers say they can trigger the growth of crystals in an " exciting " breakthrough that could help protect people ' s teeth .
scientists urge un to add environmental destruction to geneva conventions ' list of war crimes
chile announces full country wide ban on plastic bags
former child refugee tracks down aid worker who gave her a bike: mevan babakar uses twitter to find man whose gift brought her joy more than 20 years ago
boy fighting rare disease wants birthday cards from all over world ( article )
video of metalhead getting a guitar for his birthday from recently deceased dad goes viral . i ' m not crying , you ' re crying !
and they say world is on the brink of destruction
costumes for halloween: when you use a wheelchair you want your outfit to pack a punch when you go trick or treating .
news crew spends a day in the life of poor texas family .
nasa is sending a helicopter to mars to get a birds eye view of the planet
gawker . com to end operations next week
the sandwich man has been giving away free food for people in minneapolis every day for the last 12 years
homeless man given six job interviews and a place to live after woman shares his sign on facebook
korean war veteran donates 30th gallon of blood
military search and rescue saves fisherman off p . e . i . , goes for lunch , saves choking victim
scottish cafe chain builds village for homeless
how journalists took down one dialysis patients $524 , 000 insurance bill
inspired by little free libraries , a little free pantry feeds hungry neighbors
once homeless families move into sand islands new kahauiki village: parents smiled and shook their heads while children shrieked with happiness as they moved into kahauiki village at sand island , a $12 million project that represents an extraordinary partnership of people and resources .
missouri firefighters build path for woman in wheelchair seen struggling to get in home
townville elementary: firefighter praised for tackling teenage gunman and preventing school massacre
valley man finds missing service dog after 9 months of searching
boys rescue 4 year old girl with autism from drowning in creek
these black lives matters protesters planned a march . the police threw them a cookout instead .
mystery man feeds 150 families this thanksgiving
solar is top source of new capacity on the us grid in 2016
a blind dog named fly was rescued by a team of lifeguards and a helicopter crew after his owner tried and failed to save him from the sea
us unemployment rates down to pre 2009 levels: 4 . 5%
five graphs that will change your mind about poverty
11 year old with down syndromes friends go to bat so they can attend middle school together
joiners arms redevelopment must include lgbt nightclub , council rules
individual donors gave $116 million to nonprofit newsrooms last year
[ger ) trucker drives burning fuel truck out of town in case of explosion , fire can be extinguished after three hours without anyone hurt .
dog missing for 5 days is found alive in a snowbank in maine
radio reporter regains a voice with new technology . he lost his voice two years ago . now , software turns his typed sentences into spoken words .
the 90 year old back flipping daredevil
michigan businesses are joining together to fight hunger . the hops against hunger campaign has gathered 40 different breweries , bars , and restaurants together to raise money for a variety of food banks across the state .
thousands sign petition calling for in n out to introduce a veggie burger
special convocation at canadian high school lets terminally ill 8 year old graduate .
apple watch helps save man ' s life after alerting him to unusually high heart rate
13 year old refurbishes computers for kids in need
inmates get sentences shortened after saving a guard who collapsed
church ' s chicken helping 4 year old superhero feed the homeless on national fried chicken day
to mitigate poverty , y combinator set to launch minimum income plan: a few dozen oakland residents to get $2 , 000 per month , no strings , for a year .
this family has dedicated their lives to carrying on their father ' s dream of building a monument to american indians
in a superhero cape , he feeds the hungry and homeless in birmingham , alabama . and he ' s only 4 .
there are now twice as many solar jobs as coal jobs in the us
kansas woman buys out payless store , sends shoes to nebraska flood victims
payrolls surge by 304 , 000 , smashing estimates despite government shutdown
philip morris says its new years resolution is to give up cigarettes
florida beachgoers form human chain to rescue family
solar power energising health aid for ailing rohingya refugees in bangladesh: the lack of regular electric supply " made it impossible to provide patient care from dusk to dawn " , un migration agency iom said .
britains co2 emissions have fallen to levels last seen in 1890 .
back where it began: 75 couples spanning decades returning to cavalier to renew vows
' babe ruth ' of blood donors saves thousands , hits 100 gallon milestone
' healthy baby girl ' delivered at ambulance station during category 4 cyclone
' recovering addict ' picks up ihop tab for emts
boston appoints its first black police commissioner
firefighter andrew klein pulls unconscious dog from burning apartment , gives him cpr to save his life
hero homeless man rescues stranded woman who missed last train after night out
distraught man helped to safety after climbing onto chesapeake bay bridge
dog injured in fire , now training to help burn victims
photos that prove 2015 wasn ' t such a bad year
harvey and irma , married 75 years , marvel at the storms bearing their names
' we felt like we ' re home ' syrian refugees find new life in dunedin , new zealand
vitamin d levels successfully measured in human hair
jetblue caps flights to/from puerto rico at $135 until nov and provides an amazing amount of hurricane relief .
this organization whose mission is to prevent suicide and help local musicians battling depression .
after underage sex comments , milo yiannopoulos loses cpac invite , book deal
small investment dramatically reduces transit times in pilot project .
woman turns $18 bet on kentucky derby into $1 . 2 million win
cryptocurrency billionaire ben delo is giving away his fortune to people who dont exist yet
boy fighting cancer shows police his courage
paralysed pregnant woman wearing bionic suit completes english half marathon
' a natural thing to do . ' farmers ramp up donations of un sellable , but edible , produce
terminally ill wisconsin girl who loves dogs visited by k 9 officers , nearly 40 police departments
newborn kidnapped from jacksonville hospital in 1998 found alive
would you be this chill with a gun pointed at you ?
the hottest place on earth is covered in wildflowers after heavy autumn rain
police in italy respond to call about yelling and shouting . find lonely , isolated elderly couple upset about the " bad news " in the world . so the police sat with them and cooked them dinner .
teens ask for jobs to avoid gangs , are hired on the spot
crips gang members make peace on the softball field
acres of saltwater pools in the desert are growing an algae food revolution
homecoming queen dream comes true for california girl who can ' t go out in the sun
more than 130 animals saved from ' farmyard of horrors ' in ohio
cat charity left in " crisis " when entire stock of pet food was stolen now has enough to last about two years after a " phenomenal " public response .
usda orders kitten slaughterhouse closed; remaining kittens to be adopted by usda employees
read steve irwins touching letter to his parents , found years after his death national
court rules that crow can live with the man who rescued him from a broken wing 7 years ago
toronto students turn coffee grounds into fuel for refugees living in camps
fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions | music
clever dog escapes animal hospital opening multiple doors with his snout
college student pays off grandparents ' mortgage by saving money eating microwave pizza
dog trapped in sewer rescued after four days .
the extraordinary story of how i found my parents tuy was left at an orphanage during the vietnam war . an american couple gave him a new life in the us . he later returned to vietnam to find peace , but ended up discovering so much more .
mcdonald ' s confirms it will stop using plastic lids for mcflurry packaging
a new survey of sea life in the pacific ocean suggests that some endangered sea turtles are making a comeback . the survey showed that populations of green sea turtles along dozens of coral reefs in waters around hawaii and other nearby regions either remained stable or increased from 2002 to 2015 .
a friend of mine has gone viral . an absolutely touching story of single fatherhood .
tens of thousands of antiabortion marchers jam san francisco ' s market street in 15th annual walk for life
could be a game changer in cancer research if the article isn ' t clickbait
here is the real life story of the elderly couple who died in the titanic together in their bed
house votes to permanently reauthorize 9/11 victims compensation fund after outcry
make environmental damage a war crime , say scientists
inmates and their daughters given chance to connect a father daughter dance .
doctors hail world first as womans advanced breast cancer is eradicated: immune cells from the womans own body used to wipe out tumours
prairie grove senior center receives anonymous $20k donation
great dane somehow gets its 120 lb self stuck in a tree
' jeopardy ! ' host alex trebek finished chemotherapy and is ' on the mend '
his legs lost in fourth of july 4 explosion , aspiring nfl kicker became an inspiration
this photo of obama and a little visitor at a black history month celebration is remarkable
vandergrift woman honored by food bank for helping veterans
uncs new scholarship program aims to help ncs middle class families afford college
community raises over $53 , 000 in 24 hours to help teenager attacked with a machete
unadoptable " shelter dog becomes ohio ' s first pit bull k 9
paul newman made his own food brand just to let all the income go to charity . he also build a camp for seriously ill children . to this day , " newman ' s own " has donated over 495 million dollars to thousands of charities around the world .
saudi women can watch soccer for the first time .
ireland to liberalise divorce laws following referendum
turkish gym gives lifetime pass to syrian boy gazing through window
burberry stops burning unsold goods and using real fur
asia bibi: christian leaves pakistan after blasphemy acquittal
most watched video of 12 years old ukulele from americans got talent
a blog post about making a prosthetic wing for a wounded butterfly
footage of a little boy sneaking into a woman ' s garage every day to cuddle her dog . . . she finds out the boy ' s own dog died from old age recently and now let ' s him play with the dog regularly . ( please forgive that it ' s dm )
seeing mom for the first time , baby giggles and beams
high school student nicknamed trash girl by bullies refuses to stop collecting litter
in early february ' luna ' the dog fell off her owner ' s fishing boat in the pacific ocean and was presumed dead . on march 17 she was found on land , alive and well , after swimming 2 miles to shore and surviving for 5 weeks in the wild on her own .
george h . w . bush &amp; barbara bush will do the super bowl coin toss
dead stand ins family gets hk$5 . 8m gift from jet li
climate change laws must be extended to protect the whole environment , think tank says
keith urban turns concert stage over to 14 year old fan . she lives her dream and fans go nuts .
n . j . casino offering free hotel rooms to those fleeing hurricane florence
india ' s first openly gay athlete dutee chand wins 100m gold at university games in naples , italy .
how ' hero father ' panda pan pan helped to save his species
safyre terry receives 3d printed hand from the university at albany .
this 5th grader learned to garden to feed his poor family , now he ' s made it his mission to feed his city too
i think its nice to be able to give a young family a start in life , said ann . lady voluntarily moves out of big home to smaller apartment so that family in need can use the family sized home .
robert downey jr meets young super fan during charity visit to a london hospital
fundraiser for bahamian caterer ruined by fyre festival tops $235 , 000
kids come together to help their school crossing guard
thousands wait in line for burgers at papaw ' s cookout
thought y ' all would like some good news: giant panda no longer endangered
cincinnati becomes first city to ban conversion therapy
ethiopia , eritrea declare war ' has come to an end '
oklahoma world war ii veteran only wants cards for 93rd birthday do your thing , reddit .
all 955 trapped south africa gold miners resurface after 30 hour ordeal .
couple that lost house to fort mcmurray wild fire wins $1million dollar lottery
canada teen wins $1000 a week for life on 18th birthday
former coal plant to be redeveloped into clean power facility
baby goes on transplant list at 10:15 . at 10:55 , a match
developer donates entire building to house pregnant homeless women
our boy out here discovering shit
finland to be carbon neutral by 2035 . one of the fastest targets ever set
statue of fred rogers unveiled in pennsylvania hometown
world ' s first total penis and scrotum transplant performed by johns hopkins surgical team
conservationists are celebrating the creation of the first privately owned nature reserve in the galapagos , after a crowdfunding campaign raised $1 . 75 million ( 1 . 35m ) to save the fragile land from the clutches of developers .
' party pig ' rex back home after vicious dog attack
what happens when people can directly aid people going hard times with their likes in social media
family donates solar power systems to 8 nonprofits
title 1 elementary first graders surprised with new bikes
' the kids are alright ' 8 killer whale calves doing well
lawn care and painting social enterprise helping to end homelessness through employment
unemployed indigenous poet ali cobby eckermann wins a$215 , 000 literary prize . australian writer who lives in a caravan in adelaide says surprise windham campbell award will change my life completely
ttc worker saves man in crisis from suicide attempt
panda express pledges $10 million to childrens hospital los angeles
southern baptist convention votes to outright discontinue use of the confederate battle flag
homeless man who found new jersey bombs is given apartment and job prospects
berkhamsted woman , 89 , delighted with new bicycle after theft
why dogs are mans best friend
random guys at rock concert in minsk lifted disabled man in wheelchair so he could enjoy the view
oregon rancher lassoes would be bike thief and holds him until the cops arrive .
bloomberg ' s charity donates $64 million to ' war on coal '
kid raises funds for his cancer stricken dad by playing fortnite for 10 hours straight
wounded k9 officer goes home , hailed as hero in jupiter shooting
this was a beacon of hope amongst the regularly depressing headlines
strangers from around the world help port moody couple celebrate milestone anniversary
bbc: gay girl ' s suicide prompts church changes
uk goes a whole week without using coal fired electricity
canadian air traffic controllers send pizzas to u . s . counterparts working without pay
china deploys 60 , 000 soldiers to plant trees in bid to grow 6 million hectares of new forest this year
breaking news ! ! la bans fur . . biggest city in history
' do you know who you are ? ' : chance the rapper goes undercover as lyft driver to raise money for cps
[it ' s] kind of like how i would imagine the difference between here and heaven . " the state of tennessee has installed " colorblind less " viewfinders in the smoky mountains to help make this fall a little more beautiful for those who have color blindness .
disney teams with bionics firm to make marvel , star wars , and disney themed prosthetic arms .
new map of universe ' s dark matter
surfer pops the big question to his girlfriend while they are surfing the severn bore
2015: the best year in history for the average human being
pro rape meet up canceled after womens boxing club threatens to show up
north and south korea are now in communication ' 24 hours a day ' for first time since war
see how malala is helping refugee girls get an education see how malala is helping refugee girls get an education: the malala fund invests in refugee schools to make sure that girls dont miss out on learning .
6 year old orders $170 dollhouse , cookies with amazon ' s alexa
pro trump message board ' quarantined ' by reddit following violent threats
google ads to redirect suicidal people to hotlines had a 28% conversion rate
syrian , iraqi refugees dive into first queensland summer with beach swim
kids give the money that they raised to a local homeless man , telling him it was " because you ' re saving up for a house , aren ' t you mate
spanish english high school proves learning in two languages can boost graduation rates
british man may be the first person cured of hiv
' bus driver from heaven ' rescued young children from california wildfire
exile to opera: courageous zimbabwean cricketer henry olonga makes singing debut at scg
a charity gaming stream from the 1st 31st december has already raised 1 . 1 million dollars
perth zoo celebrated the birthdays of two oldest animals tricia the asian elephant ( 61 ) and puan the sumatran orangutan ( 62 ) in grand style
rescuers fight to save hundreds of pilot whales beached in new zealand
penguin returns home every year to the brazilian man who saved it .
mental health faces stigma and lacks support . so my best friend and i started a nonprofit for men ' s mental health .
prime minister malcolm turnbull gives ailing young man parliament tour
smoke and sparks appeared in the fire survivors oven , and then . . .
a growing number of young americans are leaving desk jobs to farm
los angeles sues monsanto due to presence of polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) in products sold by monsanto many decades ago that has caused widespread environmental contamination
real life rooms give shelter dogs hope , sweet glimpse of fur ever homes
aid worker finds boy she helped a year ago
a school sought 50 male volunteers for a " breakfast with dads " program nearly 600 showed up
how japan is helping pensioners stay happy and have fun
ilhan omar receives a hero ' s welcome at minneapolis airport
university students use 3d printer to make prosethetic arm for young violin player
fda approves first postpartum depression drug
canadian man retires , has birthday and wins lottery all on same day
artist creates 365 drawings to capture the moments he spends with his wife
ruth bader ginsburg shows ' no evidence of remaining disease , ' supreme court says
video: pilot pulls incredible manoeuvre in french alps helicopter rescue
this woman turned her tree stump into a little free library fit for magical elves . it went viral .
built from 15 , 500 tyres and 420 tons of trash how this school is bringing a greener planet to every class .
neighbor screams curses at girl scouts trying to sell cookies; local police department responds by buying 250 boxes .
wanted to share this heart warming story of spending valentines day becoming a kidney donor
people hear crying coming from pond and know someone needs help
29 heartwarming photos of foster kids getting adopted
odd story , happy ending ! deer 5 miles into long island sound found by fishermen .
london van attack: brave imam stopped assault on suspect
scientists edit dna in human embryos to fix disease gene
california man wins more than $6million in five months from four different lottery tickets
army awards medals to jrotc students killed in florida shooting
brazil bus station employees open their doors and hearts to homeless dogs
10th annual special needs prom creates a magical night for children and adults with disabilities including a red carpet and a night of dining and dancing .
2014 battle with lupus left stacey kozel paralyzed from waist down . to defy the disease , she used an exoskeleton to hike the 2 , 189 . 1 mile appalachian trail
an intensely private social worker who duct taped his shoes left a surprise $11m to kids
400 kms in 5 . 5 hours: kerala suspends all work to save 15 day old infants life
electrical implant helps paralysed people to walk again
93 year old engineer finally gets university degree 70 years after leaving school
cat saves boy from dog attack: ' she ' s a hero ! ' says child of his pet tara
anonymous donor drops gold coin in salvation army kettle . . . again
' it ' s a godsend ' : the healthcare scheme bringing hope to india ' s sick
khans arts pledges at a glance
couple marry just days after ' brave ' bride ' s arm is bitten off in horrific crocodile attack
peace pups: north korea gives two dogs to south korea
chief rabbi permits muslim be buried in jewish cemetery to rectify human dignity
starbucks chief plans to hire 10 , 000 refugees in response to donald trump ' s travel ban
eiffel tower closes as snow blankets paris and northern france .
heroic dog saves owner from fire
eu announces record 550 million contribution to save 16 million lives from aids , tuberculosis and malaria
campaign raising money to replace all the ads in a d . c . metro station with pictures of cats
kind strangers help autistic child
' how do you explain love ? ' finding community , friends and more at l . a . ' s braille institute
international after heartbreak , a happy ending: 200 whales escape stranding in new zealand
virginia lottery player wins $5 , 000 , $500 and finally $5 million
going green: morocco bans use of plastic bags
the muslims who saved jews during the holocaust are finally being commemorated
penguin alters natural migration each year to visit the man who saved his life and nursed him back to health five years ago
giving back to the community: 150 volunteers shovel for jersey city seniors
community takes action after racial slurs painted on tenino family ' s home
its indescribable , burn victims christmas wish comes true in a big way
hundreds of students skip school in india to protest climate change
distressed seabird rallies after dinner and a warm bed in newfoundland home
ahed tamini , 17 , freed after 7 months in israeli prison
nj police officer helps a non verbal teen with autism express himself
epic games founder and ceo tim sweeney protects 7000 acres of us wilderness via $15m donation
finding mariah her forever home
klansman meets a black man in charlottesville and they become friends
interview with guy who gave shirt and hat to a homeless guy on the subway .
dog earns special treat: british award for bravery
italian sailor uses mouth to mouth to revive kitten . with pic of rescued kitty
texas has generated more electricity from wind than coal so far this year
craigslist dads deliver with epic bbq for the boys
tourist flies homeless edinburgh man to sweden for christmas
horse rescued by animal welfare after call to facebook volunteers
electrical implant helps paralyzed people to walk again
this little guy could eat its way through polyethylene , which is notoriously hard to break down , more than 1 , 400 times faster than other organisms
world ' s biggest fund manager threatens to oust company directors who ignore climate change
ohio republican says it ' s time to impeach president trump
cats rescued from la vita bella nursing home at center of viral hurricane harvey photo
morgan freeman converts his 124 acre ranch into a giant bee sanctuary to help the environment morgan freeman is doing his part to help halt the dwindling bee population in the world by converting his 124 acre ranch into a giant sanctuary for the insects .
a humpback whale which was stranded on an australian sandbank has freed itself after its calf was seen apparently nudging it into deeper water .
brothers complete 3 , 000 mile unsupported atlantic row in memory of their late father
banksy leaves mural and cheeky note in bristol school as thanks for tribute .
ailing 13 year old learns he ' s getting a life saving heart transplant
we did it ! victory for china ' s giant pandas
footage shows helicopter reversing into mountainside in daring rescue of stranded climber
the owner of the store that sold the winning powerball ticket says he ' s donating the store ' s $50 , 000 prize to several local charities .
finally , india legalises gay sex and in an unanimous decision by the supreme court , decriminalises section 377 , which imprisoned people for being gay .
indian navy flies 15 year old ' s heart 200 km to save kochi woman
9 year old entrepreneur lands million dollar contract with whole foods
highway motorists armed with chainsaws and brooms clear downed tree
kids win the right to sue the us government over climate change
just a girl and her duck
grateful parkland students honor therapy dogs with yearbook page
utah county girl with alopecia ' dazzles ' school ' s crazy hair day
researchers say human existence could be boundless
atlantic city police officer shot in the head grateful to be home | police | pressofatlanticcity . com
health chief , 4 others charged with involuntary manslaughter in flint water probe
video: bay area soldier adopts dog he bonded with in iraq: sfist
if youre worried about poop particles in public places , don ' t . theyre everywhere .
uk goes more than 100 hours without using coal power for first time in a century
bacon factory to be rebuilt
my kid and i wrote a letter to nasa , and a very nice scientist wrote back
middle school marching band performs on front lawn of student who missed final concert due to kidney transplant .
hmpyg . com is donating to help spread meditation
boy scout found after going missing for nearly 2 days while on hiking trip
win win: high school cross country team teams with animal shelter to take cooped up shelter dogs running .
catholic school reveals it made $24m from early ( $15k ) investment in snapchat
france to shut all coal fired power stations by 2021 , macron declares
holding hands to comfort loved ones does help reduce pain , us study shows
adult recipient of stem cell transplant in calgary cured of sickle cell disease
duckduckgo wrote a bill to stop advertisers from tracking you online
man builds hobbit house to combat climate change !
11 year old entrepreneur turns lemonade stand into million dollar deal with whole foods
women in saudi arabia can now travel independently
the worlds first fully autonomous indoor farm
ontario teen scores invitation to royal wedding . faith dickinson , 15 , won a diana award for her charity , cuddles for cancer started at age 9 . her charity has delivered over 3500 handmade blankets to cancer patients and is now delivering blankets to soldiers returning from tours of duty .
boy with autism builds 26 foot replica of the titanic completely out of legos
jamaican robotics team wins first prize at massachusetts state championships .
hate demonstration turns into gay pride party
16 year old climate warrior , greta thunberg , who is inspiring students worldwide to take credible action to fix our environment , nominated for nobel peace prize
indian man feeds hungry street kids , gets bill " we don ' t have a machine that can bill humanity . may good happen to you
former abusive husband calls on abusers to ' take responsibility '
yoshimoto kogyo comedians team up with fukushima to restore disaster hit scenic rail line
australian man finds 624g gold nugget worth $37 , 000 while walking dog
japanese marathon runner , 83 , still going strong after completing boston race
haruki murakami to donate novel manuscripts , other material to waseda university , his alma mater
cancer patient wins a year of free pizza , donates it to food bank: i just wanted to give back
iraq holds first election since is defeat
new zealand man ' s act of kindness after discovering a stranger asleep on his couch
grooming business takes in abandoned , matted dog overnight and shaves him for first time in years
the story behind the viral photo of muslim and jewish children protesting at o ' hare
we ' re trying to start a green digital revolution by encouraging every website owner to make their servers carbon neutral .
cambodia ' s first ice skating team is working their way up
wounded veterans find peace through the serenity of fly fishing
s . korea urges restraint after north ' s missile test
bucks county family bringing clean water to kenya
the state of georgia launches a new app for free mental health counseling from the ' georgia crisis and access line ' ( gcal ) for both apple and android phones
hendricks county animal shelter gets ' overwhelming ' show of support
faith in humanity at a small age
a shake resistant smart spoon will restabilize for those who have limited hand &amp; arm mobility
meet the kids trying to change the world ' s mind about pakistan
stray puppy saved from tar spill in mississippi
rare sea turtles are smashing nesting records this summer on beaches in the southeast , with scientists crediting the egg laying boom to conservation measures that began more than 30 years ago .
toddler found alive in water after boat flips , survived 45 minutes in air pocket under boat
new law on bullying makes parents pay the fine if their child is a bully
rare white lions , tigers born in private polish zoo
dog that disappeared in florida in 2016 is found in new york
' i can use my old id ' : face transplant patient reveals results a year after surgery
good samaritan helps save man ' s life using cpr she learned day before
world ' s wild tiger count rises for first time in century
students give their teacher the gift of color
rescued pit bull treats ' little sister ' kitten like a princess
local hero who cleaned up vandals ' mess shocked at reception good deed has received
millie bobby brown uses her shaved head to uplift other girls
woman goes to hospital for suspected kidney stones and gives birth to a baby instead .
dark web dealers voluntarily ban deadly fentanyl
cannabis will be legal in the uk within 5 years says ex tory mp crispin blunt original story from telegraph . do you believe/trust him ?
why researchers believe a radical new brain therapy could ' change medicine forever '
conservationists plant a ' super grove ' of redwood trees cloned from ancient stumps
tigers in the wild increase for first time in 100 years
after 25 years as emergency backup goalie , goalie gets to play in a professional hockey game .
world ' s oldest married couple celebrate 109th and 102nd birthday .
obama to sign executive order , rescheduling marijuana .
canada has the best health care !
large numbers of humpback whales have returned to nyc for the first time in a century
dog swims into the long island sound to rescue baby deer
mcdonald ' s to ditch plastic straws
bill gates commits $300m to help farmers who suffer from global warming
egypts $2bn worlds largest 1 . 6 gigawatt solar park to operate at full capacity in 2019 .
man cuts off 20 years of dreadlocks to raise money for women ' s shelter
nine year old everton fan who suffers from cerebral palsy presented with club ' s goal of the month award by boss roberto martinez
india lifted 271 million people out of poverty in 10 years
preemie baby , born at 300g and who spent 274 days in hospital , graduates and goes home for christmas .
abbvie donates $100 million to ronald mcdonald house
high school football team manager with dwarfism makes big play
burger king offers free whoppers to people just fired from their jobs
thousands of children across country walk out of schools in protest at climate change .
a boston family welcomes a baby who is completely deaf from birth , and so 20 neighbors have learned sign language together to support her
fund raising for polish victims family . . . .
top six airline customer service moments of 2016
how a 14 year old saved his family from terrorists
heroic man dives into river thames in london to save a dog that wasn ' t even his own pet !
new zealand to spend billions on fixing hospitals , schools
stolen golden retriever ashes returned
toyota donates $1 million to combat poverty in north alabama , d . c .
syrian man who sued over travel bans brings family to us
dog with cancer crosses ' find a home ' off his bucket list
hundreds gathered at united methodist church of the palm beaches friday to help raise awareness to end homelessness . the 11th annual sleep out fundraiser put on by the lord ' s place , a non profit based in west palm beach , that works daily to give men and women a sense of normalcy .
elderly woman finds her sister abducted 73 years ago , thanks to the help of volunteers
caltech sees supernovae , black holes ned stark and jon snow shredding stars
hpv vaccine benefits ' exceed expectations , ' may lead to elimination of cervical cancer
new york eliminates religious exemptions for vaccines
hot dogs for dogs restaurant event benefits detroit canine charity
daddyofive is being investigated by law enforcement
chicago cop ' s act of kindness toward a homeless man
tcu frat holds bbq fundraiser for special needs cheerleader
nine year old boy gets closer to scoring nasas planetary protection gig than you ever will
send a christmas postcard for free to a old alone person somewhere in holland . i know its dutch but they would be very with one !
community built: 15 tiny homes open in racine to help homeless vets get back on their feet
logged off: meet the teens who refuse to use social media
new facial recognition tech catches first impostor at d . c . airport
12 years after woman gave birth to daughter by donor , dna test led to love in seattle
community helps find missing dog 16 days later
dying dog lives to see his owner get married: ' i just kept saying , you made it buddy , you made it , ' the bride said . ' he just had a giant grin on his face '
alabama elementary school bus driver buys mcdonald ' s breakfast for students when ice delays school opening
i got you: san bernardino victim shielded female co worker during shooting , saving her life
rescue dog nora was scared of all people until she met baby archie and the result is beautiful
service titan will donate $1 to the chla helping hands fund for every halloween card sent to a children ' s hospital los angeles pediatric patient . the card is free to send !
rejected by saudi arabia , nova scotia maple syrup makes its way across globe
chinese student ' s open letter ( alleging that she was forced to destroy request for information about a sexual misconduct case from 20 years ago ) was censored in china but is now permanently available on the ethereum blockchain !
retired pharmacist has collected 120 , 000 cigarette butts from streets to make cig nificant works of art
five year old bradley wins goal of the month
critical care comics and superhero squad help hospitalized children heal
soda sales fall 38% in philadelphia after tax introduced .
george and amal clooney are sending 3 , 000 syrian refugees to school
a homeless man spent his last $20 to keep her safe . sheas raised $34 , 000 to repay him
grime mc , bugzy malone , gives his chain to a terminally ill fan .
company sends left handed mumbai girl customised sharpeners , wins hearts
woman raises thousands for homeless man who rescued her | miami herald
world ' s first honey bee vaccine seeks to save dying pollinators
2 children avert major train accident in bangladesh
this device can detect the malaria parasite with just a magnet and a laser
donations flooding in from all over the uk for grenfell tower victims
shitty parents harassed their 4 year old so much she thought her name was ' idiot ' , parents charged with child abuse
dying veteran asks only for letters to read . send him one while you have a chance !
monarch population up 144 pct at mexico wintering grounds
german far right mp gets beaten up by mysterious , but undoubtedly cool and good assailants
pentagon oks gay , active military member to wear uniform in pride parade
canadian doctors: cancel our pay rise and spend money elsewhere . doctors in ontario say negotiated pay rises are shocking given draconian cuts to other parts of provinces healthcare system .
actor danny trejo comes to aid of baby that was trapped in overturned car
palestinian refugee camp teacher wins $1m global prize
songaminute man: elderly man with alzheimer ' s scores record deal after ' car karaoke ' goes viral
irish woman who runs christmas dinner for the lonely attracts people living across europe
jimmy kimmel gifted his world series tickets to his infant sons heart surgeon
indias rocket women who are leading the countrys second moon mission !
muslims and jews come together to cook soup for the homeless in london
millions share joy after woman announces end to chemo
how a great teacher cultivates veggies ( and kids ) in the bronx
italian medics save 15 years old that fell in a river and was underwater for 43 minutes . no brain damage sustained .
muslim community raises more than $127k to repair defaced jewish cemetery
authorities close dam gates to save elephant from swirling flood waters
russia orders all orcas and belugas kept in ' whale prison ' be set free: vladimir putin is said to have taken a personal interest in the case
63 year old grandfather to sit for kcpe in november
homeless people in schuylkill county pa won ' t have to sleep outside in this bitter cold .
security guard in the philippines to graduate cum laude from the school he ' s guarded for 20 years , wants to be a teacher
doctor who treats beggars as his second family . treats them freely .
strangers build surprise snowmen for autistic boy to wake up to on a snow day
synthetic dog to help train vets and end the need for animal testing
folsom lake nearing maximum capacity after a long drought in california
people stuck in a five hour traffic jam started line dancing and playing cricket
worlds largest solar plant switched on
high school junior takes 93 year old grandmother to prom
in america the law is king . thomas paine , common sense , 1776
little boy reunited with his bear after huge social media search
teacher who was shot three times as he took down noblesville , in school shooter is given a brand new car .
astronomers without borders giving away free eclipse glasses
a great read on perseverance , friendship , and how the love of a dog can turn a life around .
japanese town doubles its fertility rate .
walgreens stocking narcan nasal spray in all pharmacies nationwide
mystery man in pennsylvania spearheads effort to feed 150 needy families on thanksgiving
bus driver paid for taxi for ' upset ' young girl who was late for her first day of school
15 year old with connective tissue disease asks make a wish for an accessible room to foster kittens
' big shout out to uttar pradesh government ' , unicef lauds cm adityanath ' s dastak ( vaccinations ) campaign against japanese
a florida inmate is free after building a ' special bond ' with his gunshot victim , who became his biggest cheerleader
ban on microbeads comes into force in uk in bid to ' tackle plastic devastating marine life '
body shamers cant keep ethiopian swimmer from enjoying olympics
eddie ' the eagle ' soars again: ski jumper returns 30 years after calgary olympics
after arson attack a new haven mosque resumes ramadan rituals .
2 million beautiful images of biodiversity are now available for free the biodiversity heritage librarys open source archive contains wonders of all kinds .
the terminally ill 6 year old boy and his make a wish gift
messages from home: making connections from behind bars
family adopts child without arms or legs , and shows world that love conquers all
the girl with stellar handwriting but no hands
after tragically losing her significant other this month , my sister was selected recipient of a local radio station ' s christmas wish . she is all deserving , and all sincere .
more than 200 join in mt . baldy memorial climb to complete man ' s dream of 1 , 000 summits
the world needs more people like ray dolby
muslim youth volunteers help repair catholic monastery attacked by isis in mosul
manny gets a new leg !
us exempts 60 russian diplomats
anonymous donor leaves $10 million to independent radio station kexp , one of the largest bequests in public radio history
a toddler shredded $1000 that his parents had been saving for months but they ' re in luck . the us treasury has a team of experts that piece destroyed cash together again and could repay the amount in full
hamid qadri: the 16 year old spinning a message of joy from kandahar to derby | donald mcrae | the guardian sport
a 6th grade teacher wrote ' invite me to your harvard graduation ! ' 21 years later , the student did just that
pregnant doctor delivers patients baby before giving birth herself: im more comfortable with delivering someone elses baby than my own .
57 years later , detroit tigers signee will throw out first pitch
youtube , google and employees donate $280 , 000 to san bruno first responder initiative
franklin county veteran protects cemetery , canal winchester oh: " freedom is not free . somebody paid for it .
india to achieve key paris climate goals 10 years before deadline
35 . 000 kids skip school to protest climate change in brussels , belgium
universal orlando employee praised after she calmed autistic boy down by lying on floor with him
uk appoints minister to combat loneliness
new antibiotic family discovered in dirt tests show the compounds , called malacidins , annihilate several bacterial diseases that have become resistant to most existing antibiotics , including the superbug mrsa , as reported in nature microbiology .
the senator who blamed muslim immigration for the christchurch shooting and was famously egged has lost his seat in the senate
dog stolen 4 years ago is reunited with family just in time for christmas
woman ditches symbol of isis oppression by throwing off her niqab after her village is liberated in syria
california law bans retail sales of cats and dogs 2019
disney ' s ceo says there are too many commercials on tv; plans to cut number of commercials on abc and espn
ambitious 1 . 5c paris climate target is still possible , new analysis shows
the world health organisation ( who ) has announced algeria officially malaria free !
missing dog rescued from storm drain by fire department after runner hears barking
it ' s been a good week for beleaguered sharks . a cross border conservation pact signed by 126 countries this week promises for the first time to extend extra protection to sharks and several other migratory species , whichever countries they stray into .
how a janitor came to invent flamin hot cheetos
japanese fans praised for their work ethic post match , cleaning stadium after colombia win
montreal nurse makes superhero capes for nicu babies
actor danny trejo helped rescue a baby from an overturned car
pope francis bans the sale of cigarettes inside the vatican
irish teen wins 2019 google science fair for removing microplastics from water . fionn ferreira , an 18 year old from west cork , ireland won the competition for his methodology to remove microplastics from water .
mom of 5 donates uterus to another woman after years of infertility setbacks
i was washing the car . . . . she was " helping " by washing the dog .
latoya cantrell elected first female mayor of new orleans: first woman mayor of the city in 300 years
the 1 , 000th california condor chick in a decade long restoration program has hatched at zion national park
north korea agrees to freeze missile tests , hold summit , seoul says cnn
doug jones has been called as the winner in the alabama special elections ! roy moore defeated !
germany shuts down its last fur farm
g 20 agrees on global framework to reduce marine plastic pollution
biden and obama memes: jokes on trump imagined
husband writes beautiful tribute to his childhood sweetheart on what would have been their one year wedding anniversary
experimental gene therapy curing hemophilia , freeing patients from decades of suffering and worry
job post for living at cat sanctuary on greek island flooded with 35 , 000 applications
meet the nuns who rake in $1 , 000 , 000 a year growing and selling cannabis
students set wisconsin state record in red cell donations
michigan cops out for coffee save woman in pond
dashcam footage shows cop save toddler ' s life with cpr
san francisco airport to prohibit sale of single use plastic water bottles
new york great grandmother celebrates 100th birthday alongside her 1 year old great granddaughter
new jersey senator menendez fails to win break to cast votes in the u . s . senate during his ongoing corruption trial
woman ' s lost engagement ring found in lake michigan: ' miracles can happen '
swimmer dives into frozen lake to rescue duck trapped bottom up in the ice .
meet a karachi ambulance driver who risks life and limb to help the injured
garbage collectors in ankara ( the capital of turkey ) have opened a public library comprised entirely of books once destined for landfill .
43 cats in indiana saved from freezing to death
11 children rescued from ' filthy ' compound in new mexico
free to roam ! chihuahua born without legs gets new set of wheels
man saved after 96 minute cpr marathon
donated organs of 13 year old girl help record eight people to live
trims for tales: the barbers offering children a free haircut in exchange for a story
meet the mother daughter team flipping the script for policing in camden , new jersey
venus and serena williams open resource center in compton to fight gun violence !
parks canada has successfully relocated 16 wild bison from elk island national park to the remote panther valley in banff national park .
bikers against child abuse empower scared , abused kids
india ' s mea sushma swaraj asks embassy in us to work on a holiday to help boy attend father ' s funeral in india
de beers gem sales keep falling as buyers allowed to say no
veteran who helps homeless vets aims to make it a nationwide movement
this dog is at the forefront of cancer research
local teen in revolving costumes hilariously greets little brother after school each day
abbvie donates $50 million to pediatric treatment , research facility
four of the worlds biggest cities are taking an unprecedented step to battle pollution
bus driver who goes the extra mile awarded a pair of flight tickets and five nights accommodation worth s$4 , 500 .
italian granny , 95 , walks astonishing 1 , 000km from her home to jasna gora
bag of puppies tossed out of car near highway 99 in spring a good samaritan then came to the rescue
hamilton county sheriff ' s office names fiona the hippo ' honorary deputy sheriff '
auschwitz survivor is now world ' s oldest living man , guinness says
oregon family tells dying family member that donald trump was impeached . . . so he could die in peace
an iraq vet on what it will take to beat our swords into plowshares
india successfully launches its first lunar lander bound for the moon india could become the fourth nation to touch down on the lunar surface
colin kaepernick not stopping , donations roll past $1 million
barakat foundation equips 2500 deprived villages with sporting equipment
shoe donation puts students one step ahead
after 250 years of dams , rhode island river restored for migratory fish
southwest airlines conducts " rescue flights " to evacuate travelers stranded at houston airport , flying them out of storm zone
texas billionaire gives each worker a $100 , 000 bonus
spain to close most coalmines in 250m transition deal agreement with unions includes early retirement for miners , green focussed re skilling and environmental restoration
st . louis firefighters save kitten from drain right before storm
officers rescue girl , 13 , from sex trafficking operation
versace joins gucci , michael kors and tommy hilfiger in going fur free
nepal floods: elephants deployed in rescue efforts
trapped butcher saved by black pudding
on #myfreedomday students all over the world stand up to slavery
divers rescue dog swimming in ocean , miles away from shore
' care bnb ' the town where mentally ill people lodge with locals | world news
how a paralyzed indian boy ' s love for cricket changed his life
doctors prescribe mdma as first government approves drug as ptsd treatment
9th boy rescued and comprehensive coverage of rescue mission so far
moanas in real life: samoan man teaches his daughters traditional pacific voyaging skills
ireland is first country to vote to defund fossil fuels .
a police officer rescued a couple from this burning home . he went back in for the dog .
it ' s been almost 2 years since my daughter was stillborn . i ' m starting to notice the joy in life again .
reviving italy ' s ghost towns with an unusual hotel
milwaukee zoo hand raising amur tiger cub to save his life
former homeless veteran ' on top of the world ' after moving into apartment
this 2 year old deaf girl loves people so her whole neighborhood is learning sign language
this man helps gang members hide their tattoos for job interviews . he has helped at least 5 so far . now they are a high school janitor , lifeguard , bus driver , mall store employee , and an armed security guard
art silos become a ' bit of a lifesaver ' for struggling rural communities using silos as a canvas for giant works of public art is an idea that has swept across country victoria like a dust storm .
when he was eight years old , amir hussain lone lost both his arms in an accident at his family ' s saw mill in indian administered kashmir . now , at 26 , he ' s mastered cricket and is the captain of the jammu and kashmir para cricket team .
bulmers agree to build 1 . 8m visitor centre as part of 5m tourism initiative
katies world: brave girl living with cerebral palsy finds her voice
a profitless snack stand , 15 years strong .
man finds 2kg gold nugget worth $160 , 000 near ballarat , victoria
formerly conjoined twins now in recovery @cnn
big island: saving reefs one sunscreen container at a time . beachgoers respond favorably when a nonprofit offers to swap their products containing oxybenzone for other sunscreens considered reef safe .
how an emergency facebook post and global network of friends saved american travelers ' lives in bali
the rogue doctor using ivf to bring hope to older women in india
95 year old war veteran who has raised over 400k for charity , breaks back , neck and shoulder . apologises for not being able to raise as much this year .
heart attack rates in calgary plummet dramatically in wake of tobacco bans
iranian charity supporting thousands of christians
youre a bit of a c*** yourself: judges foul mouthed response to racist thug who hurled abuse from the dock after being jailed for insulting a black caribbean mother
legally blind 4th grader gets gift of sight for his birthday
watch this veteran battle severe stutter by reading to his daughter
there are more museums in the us than mcdonalds and starbucks combined
kazakhstan gets very high human development status
' american ninja warrior ' helps connect fort collins man with biological family
celebrity chefs are turning food thrown away by supermarkets into meals for homeless londoners
italian coastguard kitten rescue .
this dragon ' s den star is selling his holiday home to help the homelessness crisis
cleaner who was mocked online when he was spotted staring wistfully at gold chains in a saudi arabia jewellery shop is swamped with presents by well wishers
good will returns $97000 accidently donated with clothes
greenhouse gas emissions in the uk will be cut to almost zero by 2050
little girl freezes on stage . . . dad leaps to her aid ( and nails dance routine )
a group of google employees spent their ' 20% time ' making google maps wheelchair friendly
this zoo will name a cockroach after your ex , then feed it to a meerkat on valentine ' s day
anthony rizzo ' s sign breaking homer actually turned into something really nice
sc delivers historic verdict: section 377 gone , being gay no more a crime in india the economic times
connecticut to use $51 . 6 million from vw scandal settlement to cut air pollution
update: walmart shooting widower is given new car to replace damaged suv reportedly stolen after wife ' s burial
uk foreign office employs chief mouser palmerston the cat
quick thinking ups driver saves customer ' s life
monsanto trial: judge rejects bid to overturn landmark cancer verdict
baby gets first hearing aids , giggles uncontrollably at sound of big sister ' s voice
in bahrain , arabs and jews gather ( and dance ) at a hanukkah celebration
youtuber who pranked homeless man sent to jail and forced to pay victim 20 , 000
indian government ' s tough stance on corruption is paying off , crony wealth in india shrinks sharply to just 3% of gdp from 18% .
milestone ! 10% of india ' s total electricity output now comes from renewable power
kfc first uk fast food chain to commit to new chicken welfare standards
i lost my wedding rings during our honeymoon . . . and the community was kind to buy me new rings !
long extinct galapagos tortoise species may be on its way back
barefoot woman chases man who stole a stranger ' s dog , returns dog to owner
imf head lagarde to face french trial over tapie affair
a ban on puppy sales by pet shops and other third party dealers in england is being considered by the government . under the new rules , breeders or sellers of dogs must be licensed and will not be able to sell puppies and kittens under eight weeks old .
hamilton man gives forever donation to cats in his will
encouraging thoughts
baidus self driving buses will hit japans streets next year
a former homeless man who spent years selling the big issue on the streets of cambridge has won a place to study english literature at the citys world renowned university
dyslexic designer creates custom typeface addressing disorder: designed to address the visual processing problems associated with dyslexia , this font uses a set of tailored strategies to make reading easier for those with the disability .
two of six african teens who went missing from robotics competition are in canada , d . c . police say . they are safe .
copenhagens only ski slope is a man made mountain that converts the city ' s waste into electricity
man gets free car after uk fans destroy his during victory celebrations
yale university college honouring slave advocate renamed for pioneering woman scientist grace murray hopper
cowboys " from the autobahn police caught a outbreaker horse near frankfurt am main
flowater just raised $15 million to put bottled water out of business
after dad ' s death from cancer , nfl gives boy free super bowl tickets ( and he ' s betting his giants will be playing in it )
detroit sikhs feed the homeless
british charity action hunger has installed vending machines for the homeless . they have water , fruit , sandwiches , sanitary towels , energy bars , socks and more . you need a special card to use the machines .
cancer survivor , 9 , donates toys to childrens hospitals
paralyzed edmonton tot a whiz in homemade wheelchair
scientists are translating brain activity into movement . they are borrowing from cryptography and decoding the human brain to provide life changing support for those who have lost the ability to use a limb
three time cancer survivor finishes boston marathon 13 hours after start
when students were bullied because of dirty clothes , a principal installed a free laundromat at school
children living near national parks are healthier , wealthier
wwii vet , 102 , receives high school diploma , overdue medals
life expectancy on the rise in africa
california has hit its 2020 greenhouse gas emissions goal years ahead of schedule
u . s . astronaut set to become the oldest woman in space
etihad uk australia flight aborted to help couple reach dying grandson ' s hospital bedside
dog shelter housed rescue pitbull pups in dreamy cottages just like real homes !
rick steves ( travel show host ) gives away $4m apartment complex to help homeless women
a six month old girl has been rescued from the debris of a building that collapsed four days ago in the kenyan capital of nairobi .
woman takes her wedding vows just hours before cancer takes her life
world war ii veteran spreads message of love by joining the " take a knee " protest with nfl players
satellite images offer new hope in finding mh370 crash location
breaking: local dog feeling great
india ' s prime minister on sunday launched the world ' s biggest health insurance scheme , promising free coverage for half a billion of india ' s poorest citizens ahead of national elections next year . the bottom 40 percent of india ' s 1 . 25 billion people will be covered under the flagship program
nintendo grants terminally ill dan ' s wish to play super smash bros . ultimate
free tuition for all medical school students nyu school of medicine announces
high school running team invites shelter dogs on their morning run , and they have a great time together
from death zone to nature refuge
richard overton , oldest living wwii combat veteran , turns 111
40 tons of fishing nets retrieved in pacific ocean cleanup
terminally ill man gets final wish to become police officer .
dog thought to be dead brought back to life by vancouver firefighters
groom &amp; his bffs adopt momma dog and her puppies after finding them while on a bachelor party weekend
meet the kerala fisherman who has removed 3 . 5 tonnes of plastic from the sea
left in trash as a newborn , man reunites with trio that saved him
one less confederate flag on display i now understand , i can no longer deny , that the flag i used to honor deceased soldiers and family is now completely and permanently viewed only as a symbol of hate .
bill nye the science guy just made his out of this world debut as a fashion model
with the trump administration tightening immigration , thousands of refugees/children are now being welcomed across the us border into canada every week
after protests , britain ' s parliament declares climate change ' emergency '
gawker files for bankruptcy , will be put up for auction
nonprofit project embrace refurbishes medical equipment for people in need
entire school shows up to their previous principal ' s funeral and performs haka
finally water of yamuna river will be little less toxic ! atleast a start .
starting in 2020 , nevada employers cannot refuse to hire a job applicant for failing a marijuana screening test , making it the first state to pass such a law .
teens credited with helping save federal judge
brooklyn teen rushed to save life in london attack
son donates part of his liver to his mom son jokes he ' s off the hook for mother ' s day gifts
liverpool football fans respond brilliantly to finding ' asylum seekers ' on their psg coach
nearly 200 nations promise to stop ocean plastic waste .
lil uzi vert will pay temple university student ' s tuition , but the student had to promise to finish
scottish university to pay 20 million pounds in slavery reparations
norway considers giving mountain to finland as 100th birthday present
' pumping heart patch ' ready for human use
a 2 year old boy was having trouble getting around , so employees at a home depot built him a walker .
remains of marine killed in action during wwii returned to family in missouri
a dying mom couldn ' t make her daughters graduation . so it came to her .
independent artist " chance the rapper " donates 1 million dollars to chicago public schools .
man ' cured ' of prostate cancer after doctors shock tumour to death with testosterone
' it was soul destroying ' uk beef &amp; dairy farmer goes vegan , grows vegetables instead
a truck driver from brooklyn wins $298 million powerball jackpot
canadian runs equivalent of 2 marathons a day for two months to help an american he never met .
oakland: quick thinking officers rescue fallen dog
charity serving homeless in small b . c . town defies city ordered closure
a new state law in alabama will fine localities up to $25 , 000 for removing confederate monuments , so a local grassroots organization is raising funds to cover it .
madison county deputy jumps onto out of control semi to stop it .
asian nations make plastic oceans promise bbc news
mosul celebrates first eid without islamic state in years
chefs in italy and around the world are using their talents , and amatrice ' s signature dish , to help raise money for earthquake victims
bbc news: us to end federal use of private prisons
thai cave boys ordained as buddhist novices to honor dead rescuer
american christian missionary goes to restricted andaman island to convert protected tribals , gets killed by sentinelese tribe
old bra clasps can save injured turtles ! the clasps are glued on either side of a shell fracture , then pulled together with a zip tie to stabilize the injury .
david beckham heartwarming hug for manchester terror victim amelia thompson at royal wedding
a 99yro ( ops gran ) has climbed her first rock climb [and maybe set records ! ]
mother with rare genetic disorder adopts 4 children with same condition
cat abandoned in old age finds loving home
president muhammadu buhari just saved nigeria $21 billion dollars
injection proves to eliminate tumors in mice
police officer responds to frivolous complaint of kids playing basketball in the street , plays with them , says he ' ll come back the next day with back up . comes back the next day with shaq .
a cut above ' s winnie loo says age won ' t stop her from learning
single use plastics ban approved by european parliament
kim kardashian and kanye west sell new yeezys at lemonade stands for charity
us electric vehicle sales increased by 81% in 2018
major automakers strike climate deal with california , rebuffing trump ' s mileage freeze
50 floating screens will clean the pacific garbage patch next year
its now illegal to declaw a cat in denver
this man recycles old tires &amp; creates comfy beds for stray animals
lawmakers are coming for your single use plastics: an ambitious measure that would institute a broad ban on single use plastics in hawaii including plastic bottles , utensils and straws is gaining traction at the state legislature despite widespread concern among businesses .
las vegas man nursed falcon back to health , brought it home , and was busted
once homeless , teen is graduating at the top of her high school class
there ' s a simple / affordable cure to poison ivy !
dick ' s sporting goods ends sale of assault style rifles , citing florida shooting
uk government to hit litter louts with singapore style 150 on the spot fines ministers say strict measures will tackle the scourge on our environment caused by rubbish
starbucks says it will hire 10 , 000 refugees over the next 5 years in response to trump ' s travel ban
86 year old man raises $400 , 000 through recycling and donates all of it to childrens charity
us adds 161 , 000 jobs in october; jobless rate ticks down to 4 . 9%
flowers can hear bees and it results in them producing sweeter nectar
global fund replenishment hits target of $13bn to continue fight against hiv , tb and malaria
anti vietnam war protester arrested breaking into a federal building . 44 years later he interviews the judge who let him walk .
watch how one 8 year old girl made a homeless mans week
sainsburys worker , 22 , has dinner date with elderly widower after learning he has no friends or family and he turns up with flowers and his best suit
man sends free tennis balls all over the world if people promise to use them to play with their dogs .
youve got mummys lungs: a life saving transplant and a remarkable friendship .
new york city plans to divest $5bn from fossil fuels and sue oil companies: mayor bill de blasio: its up to the fossil fuel companies whose greed put us in this position to shoulder the cost of making new york safer and more resilient .
strong job growth is back: payrolls jump in june well above expectations
s african ' rhino poachers ' eaten by lions
young skiers save boy dangling from chairlift
a japanese company is offering non smokers 6 extra vacation days per year .
tens of thousands of heart patients may not need open heart surgery: replacement of the aortic valve with a minimally invasive procedure called tavr proved effective in younger , healthier patients
structure of notre dame saved " we can now say that the structure of notre dame has been saved from total destruction " .
deaf teacher ' s quest for armed service inspires students
girl makes prom dress out of 9 , 000 pop tabs to raise awareness for cousin ' s illness
a secret santa in new jersey spent $10 , 000 to pay off strangers layaway bills
paralysed dad fulfils dream of walking his daughter down the aisle with the help of a bionic suit
bikers bring 30 , 000 meals to new mexico migrants facility
us appeals court upholds suspension of trump travel ban
infant twin boys get life saving bone marrow donation from 4 year old big brother
student with down syndrome first to graduate college in four years in oregon
breakfast , lunch now free to all students at 77 atlanta schools
to the women over 40 and the 20 somethings who write about them
loyal farm dog saves his owner from being gored twice by a raging bull
til that a cat named barney " the cemetery cat , " beloved by his community , is buried in his own plot after providing comfort to mourners at a cemetery for 20 years .
on a tandem , blind girl pulls off himalayan feat times of india
ellen degeneres surprises minnesota single mom who donated kidney to save her son
florida dog shelter sorts dogs by hogwarts house rather than breed to end breed discrimination .
bus driver comes through after thief steals special needs bike
here ' s how much ikea staff are getting this christmas
man adopts 45 dogs and sets them free on his four acres of land
87 year old woman saved by neighbor ' s dog during dangerous cold
human conditions improving at a remarkable speed
widower father thanks colleagues who worked 3 , 000 hours of overtime so he could look after sick son | ' i was speechless without this tremendous help , i would ' ve been out of a job by now '
mumbai doctors save life of baby born pregnant with twin brother
man proposes on the side of a cow
make your passion work
california town appoints max the golden retriever dog as their mayor for a fifth term
luxemburg boys idea turns into large donation to wi hospital
man saves the lives of dozens with his courageous act
cheap 3d printed prosthetics could be game changer for nepal .
the good beer co . will donate at least 50 percent of the profits made from selling great barrier beer to the australian marine conservation society to help preserve the great barrier reef .
coach , whose son died from addiction , shares powerful message with team
the ceo who gave 90% of his salary to his staff
former seal climbs flag pole , fixes american flag
elementary school named after confederate general renames itself after obama
aged lion dies of old age after warding off 20 hyenas
mosque ' vandalised ' with chalk messages of love , support in virginia
muslim women form human chain along westminster bridge in solidarity with attack victims
bruno the dog survives 27 days stuck in well
woman unknowingly wears her engagement ring hidden in a necklace for a year
chicago firefighter collects bottled water to help flint water crisis
ruperts quietly get on with land reform , offering township title deeds
teacher writes heartfelt notes to 130 students after teen ' s attempted suicide
dementia patients find ' joy and light ' in bottle feeding tiny kittens
patton oswalt ' s funny , brutally honest description of being a dad after losing his wife .
one step closer to saving the bees !
more than 1 million cats saved by cutting euthanasia rates
gay valedictorian forced out of his home gets support from ellen , $25 , 000 to add to the college scholarship fund he plans to create for lgbtq students who , like him , do not have the financial support of their parents
local man meets his mother for the first time after 55 years
fan at braves game holds umbrella over jrotc cadet standing at pow honoring seat
ferrari will auction off the last laferrari supercar ever made to raise money for earthquake relief in central italy .
man obsessed with cranes gets guard of honour by crane drivers he waved hello to every day
85 year old man saves two women from burning car
hugh hefner saves embattled school newspaper of his high school alma mater
boy meets world " actor rider strong made a birthday wish come true when he sent a special greeting to 13 year old super fan with down syndrome .
chefs guy fieri and jose andres join forces to feed thousands affected by california fires
mom calls a kentucky officer a hero after he saved her baby , who wasn ' t breathing
breakthrough study explains how the immune system puts cancer cells to sleep
the world ' s first mental health ambulance arrives in sweden
running with roger bannister put 88 year old cecil walkley on track for a long and athletic life
#trashtag: an online challenge encouraging users to clean up places has seen tens of thousands of people doing just that .
students raise funds for new wheelchair
girl hosts tea party for police officer who saved her life
grandson surprises grandfather with restored 1957 chevy
at risk homeless paid to learn food service skills by former usaid officer turned restauranteur
inmate who lived upstanding life after he was mistakenly freed wins release
wholesome restaurant owner
bitcoin [btc]: venezuelas suffering citizens receive helping hand from bitcoin interest [bci]
billionaire coal magnate chris cline killed in helicopter crash
nurses help sneak a dying mans dog into the hospital to say a final goodbye
nice guy thief steals broken car stereo , leaves more money than it was worth
just the ham , maam: wisconsin cops take a christmas break from crime fighting to give free hams to motorists they pulled over
fisherman catches and saves injured shark with vehicle engine belt around torso .
wedding ring flushed down toilet found 9 years later in nj town
kittens born inside tumble dryer in east london dry cleaners reunited with mother &amp; doing well
a colorado woman with special needs will be reunited with her therapy dog after the animal turned up five years later in missouri
the des moines street musician has played for years for passers by . one day a crowd stopped to thank him .
a new species of killer whale may have been discovered near chile
mit professor develops method to slow cognitive impairment caused by alzheimers &amp; restore memory
non profit spreading love through postcards for those impacted by recent political events
australia looks to save south african farmers from persecution
young readers get help from ' gus ' the therapy dog
principal pushed students to safety before dying in crash
half a century ago elm trees were almost wiped out in the uk by dutch elm disease , but they are making a comeback with a variety of elm that is resistant to it .
driver saves other driver ' s life with autobahn rescue maneuver tesla announces to cover repair costs
zero elephants poached in a year in top africa wildlife park: experts call it an extraordinary development in an area larger than switzerland where thousands of the animals have been slaughtered in recent years
photo of birthday cake decorated at grocery store goes viral for unexpected reason
actor and comedian walks 500 miles , sleeps outside to fight homelessness
fire department replaces southern indiana boy ' s stolen bike
when people are watching nature documentaries like planet earth ii , 48% are rooting for the prey , only 9% for the predators
a landscaper found and returned a marines lost photos !
milwaukee police officers rescue teens from burning car
solar power accounted for 59% of new capacity additions in india in 2018
when chemo cant stop you from dancing ! #cancersucks #dsrctsucks #cure #nevaehstrong
watch the heroic pup whos been trained to perform cpr on police officers !
hawaii lawmakers approve gay conversion therapy ban: senators and representatives voted to prohibit licensed professional counselors from attempting to change the sexual orientation of minors .
astonishing moment russian workmen catch boy who fell 40 feet
victims of a victoria investment fraudster get some payback | cbc news
isis executioner ' is beheaded by sas sniper ' s special bullet as he demonstrated how to decapitate prisoners '
animal sanctuary , farm team up to save pig named grover from slaughter
chile and niue vow to protect nearly 300 , 000 square miles of ocean with new marine parks
catholic man with muslim roots honored by jews for letting hundreds of them use his property to celebrate hanukkah for last 3 years
hemingways six toed cats survive irma
a grandmother in china who suffers from alzheimer ' s was rescued yesterday after climbing down the exterior of a high rise building for 10 storeys with her bare hands .
canada ends homeopathic foreign aid fund
a 101 year old man who credits daily coors light intake to long life scores free beer , brewery trip
mohawk hudson humane society volunteers help homeless man and his dog have happy christmas
awesome games done quick raises $2 . 2m , smashing last year ' s tally
neighbors form human chain to block ice from detaining father and son
this little boy ' s life was saved by a selfless bone marrow donor and now he ' s preparing to start school
denver zoos unique treatment puts king cobra with cancer in remission
starbucks is set to open a new store in malaysia dedicated to employing deaf baristas
touching moment as pope francis stops to kiss and hold disfigured man
wales at heart of global warming project to plant 1 trillion trees
new state bill would allow inmates to be jailed near their kids
' you destroy , we rebuild ' : a builder ' s life in war torn syria
' i think he would be proud of me ' : viewers explain why they can ' t stop crying during the mister rogers movie trailer , and how he shaped their lives
the real mad max just did a 6000 mile overland journey , powered by the sun
watch panda cub bei bei celebrate his first birthday with cake
winnie , a one year old labrador retriever , was welcomed as the new hospital facility dog and chief canine officer by staff , patients and invited guests at a special introduction event on friday .
as the number of foreign children attending japanese schools without sufficient language skills grows , a tokyo based nonprofit is streaming classes taught by japanese language education specialists online to help students keep up in the first attempt of its kind in the country .
this gas station clerk saved the life of a kidnapping victim . . . by locking her in the bathroom
singapore abolishes school exam rankings , says learning is not competition
eagle shot out of tree doing well
harold hamm donates $34 million to diabetes center
sting to reopen bataclan concert hall on first anniversary of isis paris attacks
first graders help surprise their teacher with adorable proposal
man attacked twice by bear lives to tell story .
george zimmerman punched in the face for bragging about killing trayvon martin
dog training program gives inmates purpose , companionship in shirley
the mammoth may save russia from sinking into the abyss .
costa rica court: end gay marriage ban
female inmates in indiana pitch plan to rehab empty houses and their lives
teen missing for 4 days is found mere hours before christmas day .
police officers take students with special needs to prom , department posts lit , turnt up videos
tesla is bringing power back to puerto rico ' s hospitals
retired couple share acreage with unique ptsd refuge british columbia
michelin star for singapore noodle stall where lunch is half the price of a big mac
new device can heal with a single touch , and even repair brain injuries
15 year old whitecaps fc superfan added to fifa 17 after overcoming cancer
heres what happens when you give $1 , 000 to someone in extreme poverty
firefighters free alabama teen who got stuck inside a giant barney head
dog ' s life saved by tick discovery just before scheduled euthanasia
anonymous donor gives $100m to canada ' s largest mental health hospital
former naturopath exposes the profession to protect patients from quackery
last dog left behind on ' empty the shelter ' day has been adopted
basket full of kittens brings joy to woman in local hospice center
dog saves 15 people from fire that destroyed 6 homes .
thailand: advancing partnerships for sustainability
sheriff ' s deputy praised for teaching preschoolers 911 song and dance
considered extinct for 90 years , forest wildcat spotted in belarus
teen asked god for help paying for college in note tied to balloons . a minister found it and answered her prayer .
organization donates billboards to help locate missing ohio teen
cat that walked 12 miles home only to taken to be put down has found a new home !
dog named magic found alive two days after brick wall collapses on him
helena restaurant owner buys employee a car to make it to work
five elderly siblings reunited at same us nursing home
cruise line offering furloughed federal workers free buffet meal , day of family fun
woman raising funds to aid homeless man who gave her his last $20
feel good stories that made us smile and happy cry in 2016
former crimminal turns his life around
japan ' s princess mako gives up her royal status to marry a commoner
all couples in england and wales will be able to choose to have a civil partnership rather than get married , theresa may has announced .
nypd officer speaks out on his widely praised use of nonlethal force: ' life is precious '
maryland adopts $15 minimum wage by 2025 as lawmakers reject hogans veto
2 strangers and a drone help rescue veteran trapped by n . c . flooding
yu ouyang , a christchurch businessman called to help with translating after a horrific bus crash involving 32 chinese tourists , translated for them , payed their medical bills and even fed them all in his restaurant afterwards !
recreational marijuana is now legal in canada
the small scottish isle leading the world in electricity
twitch viewers and streamers raise $1 . 2 million for prevent cancer foundation at awesome games done quick 2016
music fans united featured videos news the terminally ill 6 year old boy and his make a wish gift
neuroscience says listening to this song reduces anxiety by up to 65 percent
teen experiences miracle recovery from lung disease
a letter to santa written by a victorian schoolgirl has been discovered 120 years on
pilot cuts flight time to save afghan worker ' s arm
happy birthday , alelia murphy ! the oldest woman in the united states turns 114
optician spots something unusual on a 5 year old girls eye test . turns out to be a brain tumor .
farmer mows suicide prevention lifeline into his cornfield after losing a family member to suicide
kid bullied for dancing meets nfl player who dances
2 chainz helps disabled veteran and single parent by offering to pay her rent for an entire year
the chinese man fighting islamic state .
two young children apprehended by social services christmas eve still receive gifts thanks to two kind police officers
living by the girl scout law , even without a home
clowns do more than lift spirits at childrens hospitals , they change brains
inspiring america: two blind brothers curing blindness with clothing
blind chinese viola player wins top place at british music college
mark cuban ' s brother , brian cuban , author and keynote speaker tells his story
colin kaepernick named face of nike ' s 30th anniversary of ' just do it ' campaign
teen donates $1 , 500 of his own savings to fund basket giveaways for new parents of children with down syndrome
tulsa man donates bone marrow to child in brazil
17 students from one high school get perfect scores on the act
fearing ebola ' s spread , uganda starts vaccinating health workers
burberry finally stops burning unsold goods and using real fur !
copenhagen park bring diverse cultures together
environmentalists have removed 40 tonnes of trash from the great pacific garbage patch
jeopardy ! champion dies from cancer before she can see herself on tv , but she donates all her of her winnings to cancer research
chinese scientists have put human brain genes in monkeysand yes , they may be smarter
in progress ' freedom wall ' turns heads , hearts on buffalo ' s eastside
pope washes feet of muslim migrants , says we are brothers
an 18 year old buys her first lottery ticket and wins $1 , 000 a week for life
tattoo shop owner offers credit towards free tattoos in exchange for clothing donations to help the homeless
wisconsin classmates attend adoption ceremony of 10 year old girl so she doesn ' t miss out on first day of school
this 7 year old boy donated his kidneys to save his dying mother
after 16 appearances in the olympics , the tiny nation of fiji has its first medal and it ' s gold !
world ' s largest fund manager demands cuts to executive pay and bonuses
samurai group from hokkaido clean up the streets in tokyo
local banker pays college tuition for graduating high school students , " because it ' s the right thing to do . " ( x post r/news )
firefighting drones are saving lives as next advancement in public safety technology
pres hall foundation starts sousafund in response to austin bombings
utah 3 d printing company helps acquit man accused of murder | ksl . com
muslims , including former us marine , offer to guard american jewish sites ( bbc . com )
texas woman helps homeless man build a new life
abandoned puppies rescued from disgusting home covered in urine , feces now up for adoption
guinea worm disease cases fell to only 22 cases in 2015 , putting this disease on track for eradication .
stranger ' s act of kindness for mom , 2 kids on plane goes viral
meditation is replacing detention in baltimore ' s public schools , and the students are thriving
computer algorithm helps reopen dozens of chicago cold cases
cancer patient on new drug trial left with no trace of disease after being given 18 months to live
google honors abdul sattar edhi on his 89th birthday
americans are getting a raise this weekend as wages are set to increase across the country , minimum wage rising by over 20% in some states
ex gators coach jim mcelwain sold florida home at loss to help family with disabled kids
vapenation
put in the work , now hes reaping the rewards
san francisco sends less trash to the landfill than any other major u . s . city the city diverts about 80 percent of its waste from landfills , or more than 1 . 5 million tons every year . san francisco aims to reach zero waste by 2020 .
conjoined twins from bangladesh will fly to hungary to undergo life changing surgery
girl with down syndrome beats the odds to graduate from high school . . . with honors
couple creates and donates mobility equipment to disabled children
brian hamilton teaches inmates to be entrepreneurs
man walks from vancouver to calgary for mental illness
researcher documents exact locations , times of ansel adams ' texas photos
this will probably not get posted:
i ' ve served more than 15 , 000 meals on wheels . it ' s about way more than food .
determined chef jose andres feeds thousands in puerto rico
500 victims of human trafficking rescued in west africa , interpol says
in bhutan , teachers &amp; medical staff will now be the highest paid civil servants . go bhutan !
holocaust survivor ( 95 ) and grandaughter of nazis ( 31 ) are roommates who have dinner together &amp; take jewish studies classes together
humpty the baby hippo orphan rescued and gets a home
this woman was was diagnosed with cancer while battling meningitis but now has the all clear: ' i was just 25 and not ready to die '
israel honors gi who told the nazis , ' we are all jews '
americans show reunited migrant families theres more to their country than trump
paralympic swimmer lost his leg to a shark , now he imagines one for motivation
chinese policeman stops the traffic to help out .
woman raises $55k+ for homeless man who spent his last $20 to help her when her car ran out of gas
resistance camp calls for shutdown tomorrow against civilian killings
restaurants pay ' selfless act ' forward in honor of late boy
kindergartner who lost father escorted to daddy daughter dance by national guard soldier
a michigan pizza place made its first and only delivery for a cancer patient in indiana , 225 miles away
isabelle holdaway , a british teenager , has made a remarkable recovery after being the first patient in the world to be given a genetically engineered virus to treat a drug resistant infection .
the manmade dutch archipelago where wild birds reign supreme
hopeful images from 2017
young woman raising her five siblings alone surprised with new car
no plastic bottles , utensils or cups ? thats what some lawmakers are proposing ( x post from futurology )
usa ' s cori ' coco ' gauff , 15 , becomes youngest wimbledon qualifier in open era
missing service dog for 6 year old girl who was paralyzed found safe
scientists have finally found malaria ' s achilles ' heel , a neurotoxin that isn ' t harmful to any living thing except the anopheles mosquitoes that spread malaria .
video whale to the rescue: beluga thought to be possible russian spy fetches woman ' s phone from the ocean
journalists will always have to report on inherently negative issues , says media researcher karen mcintyre of virginia commonwealth university . but reporting in a constructive way would hopefully help people have a more realistic picture of the world .
bali bans single use plastics
old oil rigs could be used to as co2 storage sites . 10 times cheaper than decommissioning them .
bp ditches plans to drill for oil in the great australian bight
chicago stray cat from viral " boiling water " facebook video has been trapped , treated , nursed back to health , and as of today , is now ready for adoption ( w/ bonus uplifting message from the shelter )
three men rescued from deserted island after spelling ' help ' with palm leaves
nine year old boy opens lemonade stand to pay for grandfather ' s cancer care
a psychedelic drug traditionally used in south america improves peoples general sense of wellbeing and may offer a treatment for alcoholism and depression , new research suggests .
indonesian netizens have reacted with fury and a flurry of donations after footage emerged of a frail food seller breaking down as her cafe was raided for staying open during the daytime in ramadan
once a foster child herself , now an advocate for others like her
royal observatory at greenwich working for first time since london smog shut down telescopes 60 years ago
global tiger population up by 22 per cent
chinese navy hospital ship docks in venezuela amid crisis
an artist started " subway therapy " and thousands wrote positive post it notes of love and unity
i wanted to share my winning story about front yard vegetable gardening
researchers produce vaccine for cancer
jimmy fallon wishes wife a happy 10th anniversary with romantic wedding pic
therapy program pairs veterans with rescued race horses
canadian woman giving away $1 . 7m home in letter writing contest her 5000 square foot home could yours for just a contest entry fee of $25 and some creative penmanship .
this life saving dog is getting the recognition he deserves
lucky escape for driver as truck full of ammonium nitrate catches fire on wa highway
superwealthy entrepreneur decides to ' go all out ' with property tax plan to fight seattle homelessness
ghost fishing nets make up 46% of ocean plastic good thing the un is finally taking action !
states across u . s . are taking bold steps toward protecting animals
music teacher who dedicated his life to helping people with special needs sings with student in viral video
police officer treats exhausted elderly woman to a meal after spotting her driving erratically
an inspirational young lady .
4 year old boy discovers on day he ' s adopted . . . hes going to be a big brother
louisiana boy sneaks into garage to give dog a hug
clowns without borders uk troupe cheers rohingya refugee children in bangladesh
a french bulldog survived a 6 story plunge from a new york building by landing in the luckiest spot
ncaa to consider allowing athletes to profit from names , image and likeness
homeless man returns money found at a bank machine and changes his life . he ' s now clean and reunited with his family after 18 years
mall of america takes bold stand by closing on thanksgiving this year for the first time
man plunges under ice 3 times to save wife trapped in west quebec lake
hero climbs up outside of paris building to save child dangling from balcony
we can all be heroes ' : meet the british schoolteacher whos out to inspire the world , one country at a time
saved from a chinese dog meat festival , 110 pooches arrive in canada
hospitalized with complications from a heart transplant , patient graduates with mba during special ceremony
water wheelchairs , mobility mats make melbourne beaches accessible for all
ohio pit bull slated for euthanasia becomes police dog
karnataka now produces more renewable energy than netherlands and denmark
karmas a bitch
turns out you really do think brilliant thoughts in the shower
russia and japan may possibly build a land link to each other
dna test ' accidentally unlocks family mystery ' for abc news correspondent
notre dame football: nine year old battling cancer gets chance to be irish quarterback for the day | ncaa . com
dignity , not poverty a the cash grants helping uganda ' s older generation | global development
recovered nickel tells retired cop ' s amazing love story
chretien willing to visit china to talk trade and negotiate for the release of detainees spokesman
pacific centre photographers get apology from vancouver mayor british columbia
opinion | praise song for the unloved animals
friends recreate same photo every five years since 1982
canadian aviation academy gives girl who lost her legs in 2008 sichuan earthquake the chance to fulfill her dream of being able to fly
runners carry fatigued woman to finish line of philly half marathon
my new employer has no plastic utensils in the kitchen .
' unstoppable ' dog overcomes death twice
an australian court on friday delivered a landmark ruling by rejecting plans to build a coal mine on the grounds that it would worsen climate change
a retired south african sales executive who emigrated to australia 30 years ago is hatching a daring plan to airlift 80 rhinos to his adopted country in a bid to save the species from poachers
good samaritans in singapore defend white immigrant from harassment
firefighters &amp; paramedics save puppy &amp; kitten from house fire
woman , 92 , breaks local records in her first swim meet
saudi teen who fled family ' very , very happy to be in her new home ' after landing in toronto , canada
all new net electricity capacity in the usa has been from clean energy sources since 2009
as craigslist ad goes viral , posters hope for bill murray bbq dad
20 years ago , country legend roy clark invited a young fiddler to share his stage , changing his life forever . this thursday , they reunite .
oklahoma worker rescues fawn trapped in tight spot
customers buy out donut store so owner can tend to his sick wife
98 year old yoga teacher shares her best tips for feeling happy : people . com
amsterdam hits illegal airbnb landlord with 300 , 000 fine
johnny depp meets with paralyzed fan ahead of concert: ' it meant the world to me '
a colorado city is using tax money from weed to help the homeless
when others ignored a homeless man at dinner , ga . a woman says god told her not to
good samaritan gives man shirt off his back nyc
113 years and counting: worlds oldest man , holocaust survivor celebrates bar mitzvah
ethiopia plants more than 200 million trees in 1 day
pit bull credited with saving teen from rape gets his day
world health day today celebrating the amazing dogs that help treat diabetes
venezuelan man that lost a leg in car accident makes ' one legged ' trek across south america to inspire hope
city firefighters give out more than 800 coats
11 year old ruby kate chitsey discovered that residents at the care home where her mother works couldn ' t afford simple luxuries , like visits from their dogs . ruby has now raised $62 , 000 to help " make life sweeter " for elderly people
' it was the right thing to do ' former soldier gives up three bedroom home to help young family
alaska becomes first state to legalize ' cannabis cafes '
fbi most wanted murder suspect arrested after over 4 years on the run
prices of several anti cancer drugs have been slashed by almost 90% in india .
nine year old cooper donates seed money for school in ethiopia
community throws wedding for indian couple amid immigration uncertainty
state trooper saves injured cat on i 25
wish from westerly , ri boy battling cancer gains global momentum . can reddit help ?
heart wrenching but so powerful and uplifting shandra woworuntu: my life as a sex trafficking victim
nanga parbat: the rescue team finds first of the missing alive
paraplegic walks with new exoskeletal device
marlborough community raises $10k to help a woman buy esight glasses
creatures great and small find friends in these dallas fort worth police
girl with third degree burns gets prom night surprise after devastating accident
british supermarket morrisons will extend its support for foodcycle , a charity that uses food waste to create meals for those in risk of falling into food poverty
u . s . jobless claims dropped to lowest in 50 years
wisdom , the oldest living banded bird ( est . age 64 ) returns to wildlife refuge with a mate
snow white cat has the most hypnotizing eyes of different color
female high school quarterback throws td on 1st pass in varsity game
ethiopia planted more than 350 million trees in 12 hours , a new record !
german president oks gay marriage law , takes effect in fall
us job openings jump to record high of 7 . 3 million
couple is surprised by a 30 year old bill they received from illinois for an overpayment from food stamps , community and state senator pay the bill for them .
clydesdales keep nursing home residents company , and bring back happy memories
couple who lost their three young kids ( two girls , one boy ) in car accident winds up having triplets a year later . . . two girls , one boy .
sanitation workers dug through trash by hand to find woman ' s $5k mortgage payment
86 puppies rescued from fire
mississippi , the only state with a confederate symbol in its flag , is offering a new flag design on license plates
michigan powerlifter heroically lifts vehicle pinned on top of man after accident .
vijender won the title and also won the hearts of millions of people .
in lebanon , not far from the syrian border , a crew of volunteer slackliners tries to bring fleeting moments of magic into displaced childrens lives .
dog stolen from backyard returned to owner 3 years later
the success story of a polio survivor who still live in the archaic machines of that era
study: tetris is a great distraction for easing an anxious mind
steve ballmer auctioning his courtside seats for charity
filipino adventurers use ancient technology to recreate historic voyage: seafarers to retrace sultans 600 mile journey across south china sea in boats constructed using techniques from ad320 .
my dad is sad cause no one is coming to his new donut shop , " billy by tweeted , posting alongside by a crying face emoji and photos of his dad at the counter . within hours , billy ' s post had been retweeted thousands of times , and the shop had sold out .
my brother saved a dog with dementia . show him some love interweb !
irish waitress in us receives 2 , 500 dollar tip from ' guardian angel ' to return home
new york has been awarded a federal grant of just over $200 million to fight homelessness .
elderly man gets karaoke party started on bus including a mini light show
man born without limbs travels from alberta to st . john ' s in 18 days
caterers retire on 25m euromillions win
new california bill would mandate clergy break seal of confession to report child abuse
bear cub saved from brush fire in florida
living by the girl scout law , even without a home
she saved everyone " ; 8 year old hailed a hero for alerting family to house fire
this subway perform donates 100% of his donations
rock opera gives people with disabilities a chance to become who they want to be
man sets out to give the homeless haircuts in philadelphia
' mele kalikimaka ' : customer leaves $500 tip for ichiriki server
medically assisted death allows couple married almost 73 years to die together
a struggling german single mum with four children tweeted that she could not afford to pay for their school trips and a tidal wave of sympathy has now brought her more than 14 , 000 ( 12 , 349; $16 , 517 ) .
fire brigade hattingen saves sunken cow
nigerian street vendor lands a modeling contract after accidentally photobombing a pop stars fashion shoot
sandlot kittens rescued during snowstorm after being abandoned in box
taco bell hot sauce saves another life
boy helps police save texas girl ' s life using snapchat
deputies ' ' split second decision ' likely saved life of 4 year old
puppy ' s saved
japan ' s greenhouse gas emissions fell 1 . 2% in fiscal 2017 as use of renewables increased
god of war leads bafta game award nominations
at&amp;t employees learn sign language to talk with deaf co worker
words with friends: story about an unlikely friendship goes mega viral
hospital offers therapy dogs for sick kids; reduces recovery times by ' up to 30% '
mum goes to prom in memory of daughter ' s ' last wish '
see it: the heartfelt moment a visually impaired baby sees military dad for first time
over 95 million toilets built across india since the launch of swachh bharat mission
owner of leicester city f . c . donates 2m to local children ' s hospital
cpr marathon: more than two dozen responders resuscitate neighbor for 96 minutes
american muslims respond: fundraiser for victims ' families
35 fellow cops finish the treehouse a slain officer was building for daughter
this sign and the hospital ' s reaction
homeless man saves family from house fire after they gave him place to stay
luke bryan made an eight year old boy ' s dream come true .
austin family reunited with stolen puppy after tv news crew spots suspected thief
man who threw shoe at george w . bush seeks parliament seat in iraq
florida man locks baby and keys in car; florida inmates save the day
the pizza shop feeding the homeless one slice at a time
reports: portugal solar auction attracts record low bids
michelle and barack obama are the most admired people in america
post election therapy: view swing states from space
power plants in the eu will have to cut the amount of toxic pollutants such as nitrogen oxides they emit under new rules approved by member states and widely applauded by environmental groups
meet the stripper and pastor who teamed up to help children suddenly stranded without their parents " thank god that god is working through strippers in portland , " says the rev . adam ericksen , pastor of clackamas united church of christ in milwaukie
world ' s biggest tobacco company vows to phase out cigarettes
holiday adoption event clears out humane society of indianapolis
costa rica has doubled its forest cover in the last 30 years; half its land surface is now covered with trees , a huge carbon sink and a big draw for tourists .
the ruby slipper in nola is giving free breakfast to unpaid workers during the shutdown . . .
family returns from carr fire evacuation to find grant the fish happy and well fed
germanys war on coal is over . coal lost . its last mine is about to close .
a high flying lost teddy bear caused the national weather service to launch an investigation of sorts to reunite a southern california kid with his stuffed animal .
muni driver helps police rescue baby kidnapped in sf
' i can chase my dreams like i wanted to ' : teen who pleaded for a family to adopt him after spending his entire life in foster care graduates high school
999 call made by a 9 year old girl after her mum collapsed unconscious at the wheel of their car . all ends well !
drowning kangaroo rescued by australian police officers
safe birth of baby born to ebola survivor hailed as a medical miracle | global development
england ' s roadsides are blooming with wildflowers
us steel wants to accelerate investments , bring back jobs , ceo says
intermountain donor services honors five heroes as part of donate life month
nearly $60 , 000 raised at milpitas relay for life for cancer research
bald eagle rescued from wildlife trap in british columbia
german churches lose 430 000 catholic and protestant members in 2018
singer who lost eyesight after school bullies attacked her releases her first album
watch chris pratt surprise kids at a ' jurassic world ' screening
young student gets transplant from teacher who surprised family with donor match
2 army veterans take on the homeless issue in san diego
local students get credit for keeping daytona barnes &amp; noble open
upliftingnews in review for 7/16/17 7/23/17
we did it ! door dash changes it driver pay policy !
missing manitoba grandmother , presumed dead , found alive after four day ordeal
austin police officer goes beyond call of duty to help teen
toronto officer buys shirt , tie for shoplifter who needed outfit for job interview .
shrewsbury man donates $300k worth of lenses to lions club effort
floridas ban on ex felons voting is unconstitutional and biased , federal judge rules
librarian saves multiple lives with narcan outside of library , preventing deaths via overdose
trump offers help with canadian detainees in china in upbeat visit with trudeau
long island ' s canine artist ' dog vinci ' paints for charity
st canice ' s kitchen has been serving free meals for sydney ' s homeless for 30 years
the largest reforestation project in history will see 73 million trees planted in the brazilian amazon across land the size of 30 , 000 soccer fields
one popular coffee shop in adams , mass . accepts donations instead of tips to benefit animal organizations .
ed sheeran sweetly serenades hospital bound 9 year old girl
miranda lambert brought to tears by soldier ' s touching sign at connecticut show .
college student with downs syndrome gets associates degree in education with honors
thai cave rescue boys play football with the navy seals that helped save them
teacher spots former 7 year old student biking on highway after his dad suffered a medical episode
children ' s hospital turns bedtime into playtime by replacing white sheets with interactive game sheets
meet the couple who adopted 7 siblings from 3 foster homes
costa rica has been running on 100% renewable energy for 2 months straight
gm breaks with trump administration and calls for nationwide electric car sales program
a deal with the devil ( shithole ) trump hate for aaa
wapato high school in washington state , please help us , we cant take it anymore
sacramento boy battling cystic fibrosis gets his wish , to be a garbage man , granted
the internet loves this heartwarming anecdote about roger moore meeting a 7 year old fan in 1983
u . s . ends 30 year ban on blood donations by gay men
cleveland browns player cameron erving takes teen with special needs to her senior prom
hes getting stronger: rescued red fox kit begins to recover at wisconsin humane society
uks worst pro football team ends 73 match winless streak
a church is planning drone strikes over syria with bibles not bombs
missing central florida boy found safe
israeli buys palestinian girl a new bike after border guards broke hers
trump honors fallen navy seal during unannounced trip
woman with no use of her hands painted this picture of a mans deceased dog as a gift
mexicos government has created a marine park the size of illinois in the pacific , the largest ocean reserve in north america for the conservation of giant rays , whales and turtles , including dozens of species endemic to the area .
after flag pole was knocked down , disabled soldier holds flag up outside assisted living facility for the day , as tribute to those that served and sacrificed .
518 attend prom held for seven year old girl diagnosed with inoperable brain tumor
orphan cats get purr sonal bed from ikea
follow up to hbomberguy ' s donkey kong charity marathon | trans kids charity mermaids awarded 500 , 000 grant following review
china vows to ' make sky blue again ' as it drops target for economic growth
gay us veteran ' s discharge upgraded to honorable after 68 years
no link between butter and heart disease
women launch book drive for migrant children in detention centers
couple reunited with cat missing for six months | london
metallica tribute band robbed of all equipment is made whole again by metallica themselves .
new jersey students were bullied online for wearing dirty clothes . their principal just installed washers and dryers .
gray seals have returned in amazing numbers to new england after having been decimated by hunting
ut regent donates $25m to school of social work to alleviate students debt because ' theyre heroes '
best friend surprises classmate in need with shoes , socks and a backpack . she worked at a restaurant to get the money
a new filipino law requires each student to plant 10 trees to graduate
researchers from india and france have restored memory in mice with alzheimers disease
inside the decision by nyu school of medicine to go tuition free
indian billionaire diamond merchant gives 600 cars as diwali gifts to employees
you can now fly with weed out of los angeles international airport
heart warming moment an abused orangutan kept in a crate for two years is finally released
tiny tim the disabled kitten update
college student donates $1 , 300 worth of groceries from his unused meal plan to local food bank
aware that the meal some students gets at school is their only meal , teachers in west virginia , volunteer their time and resources to make sure students get fed during a statewide work stoppage .
maine will help you pay off your student loans if you move there
update: the puppy that was stolen has been returned home safely .
alaska hunter who killed cubs in bear den gets 3 months in jail
this ex school teacher is on a mission to delivering transformational experiences to children . starting in los angeles
new zealand hit by aftershocks after severe earthquake [x post from /r/newzealand]
500 years after " utopia " was published , western societies have achieved most of its freedoms , without its constraints
20 startups to watch in 2016
fda clears military traumatic wound dressing for use in the civilian population
louis smith , silver olympic gold medalist , skips olympic celebration to visit londons oldest mosque after " offensive video " . and is met with kindness .
a manitoba cat has been returned to his owners nearly three years after he went missing .
despite political differences , south korea approves $8 million in humanitarian aid to malnourished north korean children and families .
researchers in japan and australia say they have made important progress in developing a blood test that could in future help doctors detect who might go on to get alzheimers disease .
kalamazoo shooting survivor abbie kopf returns to school
for the first time ever , cannabis oil will be used in a hospital to save a 2 month old baby girl
the supreme court of india unanimously decriminalised homosexual relations . " any discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation violates fundamental rights " , the supreme court said in a ruling on thursday .
kenya jails ivory kingpin for 20 years
5 month old baby found alive after being buried in a rubble for 22 hours
vicious " dog call turns into friendship between pit bull and police officer
bus drivers in japan have taken to the streets in an unusual form of protest . while technically on strike , they are continuing to drive their routes while refusing to take fares from passengers .
coquitlam , b . c . , dog walker ' doing really good ' after surviving 3 days lost in the wilderness . annette poitras shared a rain jacket with 1 dog and dug down into the dry dirt after watching the others
a german shepherd and 21 puppies living in an suv with a veteran rescued in the bronx
33 rescued circus lions getting a new home in africa
this small pennsylvania community embraced it ' s bethlehem steel heritage by renovating/converting a historic steel mill into a functional school .
bank of america is raising its minimum wage for employees to $20 an hour
the volunteers helping ambulances to get to syria
aetna health donates $20k to baton rouge for community gardens
ceo of boys &amp; girls club donates entire salary to help underprivileged children attend the club and pay staff holiday bonuses
american freed from venezuela jail returns home to salt lake
before dying , a new jersey judge made his daughter ' s childhood dream come true by officiating her wedding ceremony .
king ' s point father and son rescue visiting family ' s dog
india starts work on rhino dna database to curb poaching | environment | hindustan times
wa university reverses decision to eject 102 year old scientist from campus
baby girl survives after being born with heart outside her body , in uk first
at a cancer treatment house 1 , 300 kilometres from home , sarah rosolen is finding strength in sisterhood
cancer patient wins free pizza , donates it: a cancer patient in northampton , pennsylvania wins free pizza for a year , and donates it to a local food bank .
84 year old jewish grandmother finishes her college degree
a 24 year old biochemist won the miss virginia pageant by performing a science experiment onstage as her talent
skateboard company helps build skatepark for first nations community .
ex nasa man to plant one billion trees a year using drones
found on til
one of the three chapecoense plane crash survivors , alan ruschel , set to make his return to football on august 7th vs barcelona
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
man saves 3 lives including his own with 2 bizarre accidents . help share how awesome he is ! more people need to know
reese ' s sends care package to a man whose reese ' s cup was missing peanut butter
b . c . to start measles ' catch up ' campaign , offering shots at schools , clinics
82 year old michigan granny , marlene downing snowblows her own and neighbours ' driveways in sub zero temperatures
' nicole from last night ' story goes viral when college student emails 247 people named nicole to find girl of his dreams
a 900 pound elephant seal shut down highway 37 because she could
krewe of chewbacchus honors carrie fisher with parade . new orleans , la .
hospital laundry worker earns praise for returning $9 , 100
a small company in christchurch , new zealand is offering employees an additional $10 a day if they bike to work .
ethiopia will plant 4bn trees to fight deforestation
police chief offers opioid addicts help without fear of arrest
acid attack on two muslim cousins in london being treated as hate crime | uk news
mr feeny , age 91 , scares away burglar
scientists develop a vaccine to protect against nipah virus which kills up to 75% of patients and is a world health organization ' major public health risk '
panel recommends raising state hourly minimum wage to $15 !
moms offer free hugs at pride parade for kids whose parents rejected them
an 81 year old from dumfries and galloway has become the oldest woman to cycle the 960 miles ( 1 , 540km ) from land ' s end to john o ' groats
bystanders pick up car to free trapped victims
dutch church hosts nonstop 96 day vigil to confirm that a family of refugees sheltered inside the church would no longer face immediate deportation
washington state raises smoking age to 21
country star chase rice wears jersey of fallen husker punter at a nebraska county fair , jersey to be auctioned as charity for the family
thanks to stem cell research , a cure for the most common cause of blindness may be available within the next five years .
pro klan editor replaced by african american woman
half a house: in the wake of an earthquake in chile , architects did not want to force people into tiny apartments with no room to grow so they used their limited budget to build everyone half of a house
' you ' re our neighbor ' yard signs in three languages promote inclusion post election
raven chicks born at tower of london for first time in decades
family return from abroad for child ' s cancer treatment to find neighbours have repaired and decorated their house
a jurisdictional approach to sustainability: chester is the worlds first sustainable palm oil city
billionaire mike bloomberg offers to ' match every donation ' to fight gun violence
over 8 , 000 marijuana convictions in san francisco dismissed with help from a computer algorithm
historic decision by the supreme court of india today as they decriminalise gay sex .
malta raises 5 . 5 million for charity in one day
pearljam guitarist being a good guy
a roller coaster of emotions for fort mcmurray man who lost home , won lottery
beer festival helps rescue at risk dogs with beer
cleveland couple ' s hard won battle against meth addiction inspiring thousands
what i learned on a 3 hour hike with shia labeouf #takemeanywhere
best buy workers give wii u to teen who visited nearly every day to play video games
pro body boarder saves pro surfer from drowning
trebes terror atttack: hero cop took the place of hostage to help end deadly france siege
puppy and kitten farming to be banned under lucys law in the uk
u . s . and russia to work together on constructing a second space station which will orbit the moon
paralympian michael milton sets a third world record
boaty mcboatface set for first voyage
aldi pledges fully sustainable packaging by 2025
cambridge analytica closing operations following facebook data controversy
633 divers cleanup 1 . 5 tons of trash from ocean floor in florida , breaking guinness world record
muslim women make up with white woman who threatened to kill them; plan to try to get her job back and celebrate a joint birthday party .
finland reduces bullying 20% by teaching children the importance of empathy
fort mcmurray teen finally reunited with horse she rode to escape raging wildfire
mystery after cat called boo reunited with owner after 13 years where has she been ?
games done quick " event has raised over $130 , 000 for cancer charity in first 12 hours
spanish footballer hector bellerin discussed his decision to become a vegan after talking to boxer david haye , saying it has helped his body recover quicker over the last year .
book returned to hawaii library nearly 48 years overdue
meet the blind entrepreneur who created braille lego kits
cork farmer sending herd to sanctuary for a comfortable retirement
in 2012 , a blind woman wrote a book on a notepad with rubberbands wrapped around to indicate lines . her son read chapters back to her for edits then sent them to typesetters . once , she gave her son 26 blank pages because the pen lost ink and police helped reform it in a five month effort .
for valentine ' s day , a quiet , but monumental , love story
joy harjo becomes the first native american u . s . poet laureate
banff national park welcomes first bison calves in 140 years
fantastic work: " samaritans of greater boston , a volunteer suicide prevention organization , saw a 60 percent increase in calls from wednesday , the day after spade died , through saturday , the day after bourdain died , compared to what the service has been averaging in recent months
japan and russia agree to joint economic use of the kiril islands , discuss finally signing a peace treaty to end world war 2 !
you are never too old to accomplish your lifelong goals .
only at rgj: after tragedy , christy wise lives with one leg up on life
fred meyer store donates all safe and usable products to food banks and shelters after arson
welcome to the r/upliftingnews election megathread !
little girl abandoned by father and drug addict mother is adopted by christian texas family , becomes best athlete in the world
this makes me smile ! this kid is on the right path .
three men save a woman who was thrown to the ground and beaten in a walmart parking lot , the men then hold the woman ' s assaulter until police arrived .
iran ' s ' walls of kindness ' offer help to the homeless
amtrak train stranded for 36 hours . people stuck on board are " honestly pretty chill " .
boy jumps off school bus to save dog trapped inside burning home
judge brings courtroom full of kids to tears
dog tag buddies helps veterans and dogs come together
los angeles lighting bat signal for adam west
the charlottesville neo nazi who killed heather heyer just got life in prison
see saw placed across the usa border wall
[news] us woman rescued a week after california cliff plunge 15/07/2018
youtube deletes all of logan paul ' s channels after his infamous video in which he joked at a dead body that he had found in japan ' s suicide forest
honesty rewarded
the dramatic drop in suicide among elderly britons
bride finds hidden message from her late mother on wedding heels
scientists extract hydrogen gas from oil and bitumen , giving potential pollution free energy
generous ferry company saves wedding and expects nothing in return
61 spore prison inmates took o levels &amp; received their results behind bars . 2 of them scored 5 as .
domino ' s crew dials 911 , rescues regular customer after his 11 day silence
millions stripped from planned parenthood
internet is hailing this syrian videographer who saved a child instead of clicking pictures
gabon and botswana are now similar to living conditions to countries like brazil , serbia and albania according to the latest hdi report . these are the first sub saharan countries to be considered as having " high " human development .
the share of the world living in extreme poverty has halved in the past 15 years
random act of kindness: man sets out to " send a random girl 2 nursing school
espn just released a video story about arthur the stray dog who followed a swedish extreme sports team along a 430 mile race
utah company donates $100k to fund parks during shutdown
mauritania , the west african country long thought to be home to the world ' s highest percentage of enslaved people , no longer holds that lamentable title , according to a report released
unique microsoft hiring program opens more doors to people with autism
former alabama football star graduates after 15 years in prison
couple asks for donations to build a school in ghana in lieu of wedding gifts .
two baby mountain gorillas born in dr congo ' s virunga park
a vaccine for alzheimers is on the verge of becoming a reality
a survivalist filled his massive basement with food &amp; then decided puerto ricans needed it more
plastic waste elimination pledge by 2025 attracts more big firms some 250 big organisations have now pledged to eradicate plastic waste by 2025 , including coca cola , h&amp;m and l ' oreal , up from 40 in april .
thanks to super mom saving her husbands life , he opens his eyes in time to see his sons birth
cop ' s response to terrified black teen he pulled over is going viral
how a 25 year old former monk kept the thai football team alive
senate approves bill to extend 9/11 victims fund
pope francis opens free laundromat for homeless
teenager and younger friend do $25 , 000 worth of damage vandalizing cars at a dealership . instead of pressing charges , the owner offers the teenager a job and helps his family move to better housing .
nicki minaj volunteered to pay for her fans college loans on twitter .
vincent the cat gets 3d printed legs
dog who lost ears in fire gets earless stuffed toy to make him feel better
airline bumping rates continue to fall after passenger dragging incident
nanomachines that drill into cancer cells killing them in just 60 seconds developed by scientists
june 5 , 1798 . exactly 220 years ago today , simon fairfax was freed from slavery in virginia . today , his great great great grandson is lieutenant governor of virginia .
donations buy home for joshua tree family living in makeshift shelter
a dj whose shed based radio station was only ever heard by his wife has said it was " an absolute pleasure " to expand his audience after 44 years
dog believed lost at sea turns up on island used by us navy | us news
discover to match cardmember donations up to $500 , 000 for hurricane michael relief efforts
instead of using milk cartons to search for missing people , pizzeria is attaching lost pet flyers to pizza boxes
mcconnell confronted at restaurant , asked to " leave the entire country
whatsapp powered toy connects kids fighting cancer to their loved ones
100 year old yoga instructor keeps moving , dancing
despite summer heat , brussels ' flower carpet emblazons city center
for the first time in its history , the gerber spokesbaby is a child with down syndrome
akshaya patra: feeding 1 . 6 million children a day
researchers have developed a new method for the production of medicine: edible qr code . edible qr code consisting of a medical drug could personalize medicine and reduce cases of wrong medication .
hero dog saves 7 from earthquake , dies from exhaustion . dogs are man ' s best friend .
former make a wish patient now doctor at same hospital that treated her
teacher to donate kidney for 4 year old student
nine year old raises $500 through lemonade stand to help pay for brothers heart surgery
city sets a " no kill " goal for lost and abandoned animals and succeeded . the year 2015 had no euthanized animals !
how a 2 km kachcha road is changing lives in this adivasi hamlet in telangana | the news minute
' catastrophic ' elephant poaching at niassa reserve in africa reduced to zero , conservationists say
one in 144 million: two amateur golfers record holes in one on same hole in back to back swings
california condors could soon soar above the redwoods again thanks to one local tribe
man breaks hip on way to buy lotto ticket , wins share of $1 million hospital pool
denver zoo giraffe drops a surprise baby while everyone waits for live stream giraffe birth in new york
this man ' s blood has saved the lives of two million babies known as " the man with the golden arm , " nearly every week for the past 60 years he has donated blood plasma from his right arm
boys give flowers to every girl in their middle school for valentine ' s day
missing man with alzheimers found safe after walking more than 18 miles through the night
walt disney company launches $100m initiative with texas children ' s hospital to help reinvent the experience of children ' s hospitals around the world
minnesota trooper gets wayward dog , christmas presents back to crash victims
boy raising money for wounded jerseyville officer
a 97 year old woman finally goes to her first prom
storm chasers honour " twister " star with gps tribute
how saving a writer ' s life helped an unemployed mans dialysis app go global
prevention point does the work you never see keeping heroin addicts alive
texas gov . abbott signs " sandra bland act " into law
manmade antarctic snowstorm ' could save coastal cities from rising seas '
gofundme set up to benefit pulse shooting victims
$4000 3d printed house could provide shelter to the world ' s homeless
private school alumnae raise $185 , 000 as gift for retiring security guard
man saves hundreds from death by terrorist
11 year old blind dog finds companion and guide
mosque members ' overwhelmed ' by support after hate crime
eldery robbery victim presented with replacement jewelry box stocked entirely with donations from police officers and their families
canadians get stuck in airport , promptly start a party
three west middle school students were out early saturday morning to help the canine and feline residents of the nancy e . kent animal shelter in muscatine .
100 year old man gets birthday wish . he goes back to work .
eric hosmer saves girl from being trampled at justin bieber show
pornhub promises nintendo switch support if a browser is released
this motherly love teaches us an inspirational lesson
ghana ' s unlikely marriage of mining and malaria control draws envious glances: when a mining firm in obuasi found malaria was hampering its operations , it joined forces with locals and the government to find a solution . now others want to emulate their success
kansas teen collects shoes for the homeless , it turns out better than she had hoped !
california police free bear cub with head stuck in jug
tesla bumped dying man up the production queue so he can have his model s
dog saves trapped pup by luring police officer , just like lassie
nfl rookie deshaun watson donates first game check to harvey victims
jon jay donates $50k to miami boys and girls club
seattle officials file motion to vacate marijuana convictions
indias prime minister has pledged to eliminate all single use plastic in the country by 2022 with an immediate ban in urban delhi .
russian adventurer fedor konyukhov breaks world hot air balloon record , lands safety in west australia
inspiring story about a formerly incarcerated opioid addict who went to law school to fight for better opioid addiction treatment in jails and prisons . and she seems to be winning .
rob lowe treats san jose firefighters to dinner at his home
the library of congress has digitized hundreds of hours of footage available on their " national screening room " for free . apologies if this has been discussed to death already , but i ' m geeking out .
cat survives antifreeze poisoning after vodka given as antidote
walking the americas brother of man found in the amazon after walking barefoot across two continents from canada reveals his joy at reunio
homeless man with great love for his dog touched by an angel
man abducted 19 years ago when he was only three finally reunites with family , thanks to a dna database , in ankang city , northwest china .
yay !
young boy diagnosed with leukemia donates toys to other sick patients
the remarkable story of tcu ' s rhodes scholar , caylin moore
opening the floodgatesus steel to create 10 , 000 us jobs
longhorn steakhouse donates leftover food to louisville organizations
arkansas mom buys all shoes in closing payless store to donate to kids in need
meet the palestinian woman dedicating her life to saving stray dogs in the west bank
a teacher in kansas brings history to life with more than 50 , 000 artifacts in his classroom
bradford judge refuses to jail teen for stabbing paedophile who abused her as a child
chicago bears trey burton donating $1 , 000 per catch , $2 , 500 per td to human rights organization
cat attends a university lecture , proves how boring it is
los angeles chargers step up with $10 , 000 donation to replace high schools football gear lost in fire
the world ' s poorest people are getting richer faster
by the 1850s , only 30 40% of new england was forested . today , that number is about 80% . with the return of the forests , wildlife has had a major comeback with some species doing better than ever before .
seven year old kid with rare disease runs triathlons to save his life
couple finds purple heart at goodwill , uses social media to find owner ' s family within days
with these glasses , a legally blind teen can see and shoot 3s with the harlem globetrotters
pittsburgh dad works 3 jobs to gift daughter her dream dress
china: last tiananmen square prisoner miao deshun to be released after 27 years
he robbed banks and went to prison . his time there put him on track for a new job: georgetown law professor .
new jersey teacher wears same dress for 100 days to promote sustainable fashion
walmart cashier steps in when nail salon refuses wheelchair bound woman
long silenced songs of holocaust survivors are rediscovered
obama bans solitary confinement of juveniles in federal prisons
paris ' spider man ' joins fire brigade after citizenship fast tracked
wetherspoons becomes first business to ditch receipts as they say practice is outdated , creates waste and customers don ' t want it
as her winning streak ends , ' jeopardy ! pays tribute to cindy stowell , who died before her episodes aired
after 57 years and 5 million deliveries , prolific paperboy retires
pokemon go players awarded by edmomnton police commission after saving woman from assault
india has amazingly taken 271 million people out of poverty in just last 10 years !
as terror attacks recede , tourism in pakistan starts to thrive
2020 tokyo games to be fully powered by renewable energy , organizers say
( x post from til ) yao ming ' s conservation campaigns has led to a 50% drop in shark fin soup consumption in china . he is now working on poaching as well .
almost nine years after being abandoned in the indian ocean , a yacht belonging to a teenage round the world sailor has turned up off southern australia
boy bullied for irish dance meets nfl star who uses irish dancing in football
playstation extends plus membership by a month to those effected by natural disasters .
sheep can recognize celebrity faces in photos
tommy hilfiger launches clothing line for kids with disabilities
a crowdsourcing app is scanning oceans close to syria to help locate and save fleeing refugees at risk of drowning .
indian administrative services officer creates wealth out of waste to empower women | hyderabad news times of india
a town in mexico sees guitar sales soar thanks to the movie ' coco ' paracho , in the state of michoacan , is the former home of the very guitar maker who helped design the instrument seen in the film .
australian federal government pushes to ban unvaccinated children from childcare centres
new hope for treating childhood brain cancer: recent research has shown that a drug known as mi 2 can kill cells that cause a fatal brain cancer
separatists in the indian state of j&amp;k called for a shutdown of all schools . students responded by turning up for their class xii finals in huge numbers and recorded a 95% turnout
specially trained inmates volunteer for hurricane cleanup effort
chance facebook discovery helps reunite disabled sisters
garbage man finds , returns $400k wedding ring in mo .
obituary: jean vanier founder of l ' arche communities which helped disabled people
the kindness of strangers: volunteers use app to provide a helpful pair of eyes to those who are blind
a kid lost his beloved teddy bear on vacation in hawaii . the hotel ' s response was heartwarming
iowa cabinet maker taking all 800 employees on week long caribbean cruise
1 man , 3 hearts , 9 lives
teen collects and donates 25 , 000 books to cleveland children in need
steve harvey: i wanted to work with ben carson to help inner city youth and trump made it happen
gunman disarmed by former football star; portland school shooting prevented
blind high school wrestler notches first win of career
aussies give a day of free electrical , plumping , handy man services to those in need
kids help boy with autism sing ' let it go ' from ' frozen ' at talent show after he forgets the words .
bill o ' reilly will not return at fox news
kickasstorrents enters the dark web , adds official tor address
hero texan delivers six pack to tv reporter mid hurricane harvey coverage , on air
dog snatched from yard by eagle found alive miles away
' man with the golden arm ' donated blood weekly for 60 years , saved 2 . 4 million babies
stormzy has announced that he will help fund two black british students to go to the university of cambridge .
new zealand set to plant 100 million trees per year , in a billion trees planting programme .
homeless man turns car park space into home
georgia woman reunited with lost dog one year later
major supermarket chains and beauty product manufacturers have committed to phasing out the use of microbeads in australia , following us legislation to ban the tiny plastic particles that damage waterways and oceans .
pakistans first transgender news anchor appears on tv regional post
ivory prices drop after chinese president pledges ban
entrepreneur offers to donate his frequent flyer points to strangers who can ' t afford to visit their families this christmas
gene therapy was successful in a quest to restore partial vision to those suffering from rare genetic blindness . as of yet , vision was successfully improved for up to four years . this offers promise for the future of curing vision loss on a much wider scale .
nyc will transform multiple streets into pedestrian utopias on earth day
90 year old woman provides relief and recovery to her community through 70 years of chiropractic practice
michael j fox foundation funds ground breaking nz research on parkinson ' s disease
cuddle club unites senior people and senior dogs who need companionship
teen sees wheelchair bound woman sitting in hot sun , stops to hold umbrella to shade her while she waits for the bus
police officer delivers baby girl on bqe: nypd
11 year old fights for education in oklahoma
no whales will be harpooned off the waters around iceland this year , as the island nation ' s two whaling companies have decided to abandon the summer whaling season for the first time in 17 years
calls to suicide prevention rose by 50% following logic ' s performance on the vma ' s last sunday
thai cave rescue: 12 boys , coach to be discharged from hospital thursday
ag jeff sessions: fight against evil pedophiles a top priority
state trooper rescued by citizens during highway melee with brothers
a florida ' bee rescue ' is rehabilitating africanized bees that attacked a woman into productive members of society
fire crew rescues cat with head trapped under metal door
town of harvey , illinois , offers free homes to storm victims
a community development built just for austin ' s homeless community opened on saturday . it has 140 micro homes . each home has a unique design with its own porch and is 180 square feet . rent ranges from $225 360 .
seven new species of ' cute spiders ' found and they actually are pretty cute !
children with autism , who may become overwhelmed by crowds or noise , will be able to browse the zoo for an hour before it opens to the public
india supplied over two thirds of aids medication globally over the last two decades , bringing the treatment cost down from $414 per person per year to $74 per person per year which also supported the number of infected people getting treatment increasing over five fold during the last decade .
former refugee rocket science graduate stands with a sign looking for work . . . and the interview offers roll in
vancouver creator of the california roll honoured by japanese government
lions de ziggy ansah led donations of 94 , 000 water bottles to the people of flint , mi
nc tv station collects 1 . 3m meals during food drive
kind note and 10 left on faversham ambulance windscreen
pink floyds david gilmour auctions his guitars and raises $ 21 million to combat climate change
quebec teen wins $1 , 000 per week for life with ticket bought to celebrate 18th birthday
for first time in 25 years , us has ambassador in somalia
fort collins working to make internet accessible and neutral .
marine dad surprises son by celebrating holidays early before deployment .
tn man reunites with mom through facebook after decades apart
what they thought was a rusty box in their backyard was a safe with $52 , 000 worth of treasure
dad confronts bully by treating him like a son now the homeless boy has money and friendship
meet the woman who rented hotel rooms for homeless in chicago during dangerous polar vortex
farewell joe
grieving dog owner gets a sweet surprise after asking for a refund
mystery elderly man gives apartment to charity in his will
miracle escape: 8 amazing stories of sole survivors of plane crashes
star citizen community managed to raise over 19k in order to help pay the costs of a developer daughter , which had an accident she fell 40 feet off of a retaining wall and fractured several vertebrae in her lower back along with breaking both her radius and ulna in her left forearm , we did it ! ! !
hepatitis c pill cures 94% of people who take it
woman honours her hard working mother with wedding photos she never had
scott holcomb , rep . atlanta , announces that he plans on filing house bill 403 , a bill that will ban private owned prisons in georgia . his reason behind it ? there shouldn ' t be a profit motive to incarcerate people .
massachusetts boy skips birthday gifts , gives to sea turtles
highest paying companies ( and jobs )
italy changes law to encourage all supermarkets to give unsold food to needy
how pinto the horse cheated death twice and then became a royal welsh champion
r . i . governor signs bill extending statute of limitations for child sex abuse cases from 7 to 35 years
cruise ship is rerouted to jamaica , spots 2 costarican fishermen stranded for 21 days , rescues them
boogie boarding retirees take to the waves for fun , fitness and better health
france becomes the first country to ban all five pesticides linked to bee deaths
scientists hail malaria breakthrough as bed nets prove deadly to mosquitoes | global development
the photo shows the man , amid a cloud of tear gas , protecting himself from a water cannon fired by security forces in caracas . may he serve to symbolize the rights of the legitimate opposition to venezuelas repressive socialist government .
a croatian football legend has made the news in germany for his act of courage after he chases down thief and recovers 40 stolen from pensioner
tim cook donates nearly $5 million worth of aapl shares to undisclosed charity
photos of the biggest stray dog rescue operation in mexico city . no dog left behind .
new data shows housing first program helping juneaus homeless
prefab houseboat design can be customized , assembled in two days
the rock has his third rockette . dwayne johnson took to instagram on monday to show off his chest full of tattoos and his new baby girl in a hospital skin to skin contact moment .
grays harbor coroner left with nearly 200 unclaimed remains
breakthrough solar cell captures carbon dioxide and sunlight , produces burnable fuel
young woman with a rare heart condition has trained her pet to become a life changing assistant dog
homeless teen girls learn how to code
billionaire ( and ex fisherman ) giving away his fortune to help save the ocean
student gives teacher ice cream money to help pay for father in law ' s funeral
whole foods will ban plastic straws and offer smaller produce bags
hitler not alive on the moon , study confirms
' this is all stolen ' : canadian man offers to share his land with first nations
firefighters in florida rescue deer stuck on frozen pond
see saw diplomacy lets people play together along u . s . border wall
incredible discovery reveals human activity in the americas 130 , 000 years ago
girl born with a vascular hemangioma is turning 1 , her family is requesting cards
rare albino fawn rescued by truck driver from middle of the road
blink 182 ' s mark hoppus releases solo track to raise money for dogs impacted by hurricane harvey
a northern forest of 50 million trees is to be planted between liverpool and hull , the prime minister has announced . over the next 25 years , a vast swathe of woodland will be created over an 120 mile area to improve the environment and help prevent 190 , 000 homes from flooding .
woman facing homelessness wins $25 , 000/year for life in the lottery
her son killed amish children 10 years ago . their families helped her forgive .
costa rica ' s congress passes law to ban use of styrofoam containers; gives companies 24 months to end all imports , marketing , and distribution of expanded polystyrene
minnesotan church helps homeless during bitter blast , even marries one couple
richie samboras new celeb photo charity app takes your images from selfies to selfless
cincinnati resident leaves touching note to muslim neighbor after trump ' s inauguration
a stray cat sneaks into a lynx enclosure at a zoo only to befriend him
federal court declares new orleans debtors prison unconstitutional
family dog does not leave lost toddler until stearns county searchers find them
at 107 , lou batori shows that skiing is a lifetime sport
solar powered brewery donates extra power to senior center
food truck drives social change by giving jobs to former inmates
family returns a sacred native american robe back to its people
tracy morgan puts on ' emotional ' special performance at home town of the doctors and nurses who treated him after car crash , donates proceeds to their hospital .
sunbaking seal mistaken for sheep in british countryside: a sunbaking seal is possibly the last thing you would expect to see on a stroll through the lush british countryside but that is exactly what ramblers found on a walk through the yorkshire dales national park .
this 11 year olds invention could save your sanity ( and your kids teeth )
missing class ring finds its way from the bottom of newport bay to washington state couple after 60 years
us confirms death of isis leader in afghanistan
iranian carpet makers target u . s . with peace message [x post /r/iran]
real hero: this man dug a pond for 27 years all by himself in chhattisgarh ( india )
pictures of indian cities you don ' t see in overseas media
boy with autism calls 911 after his teddy bear goes missing in new jersey
king of bahrain hosts menorah lighting ceremony
israeli ministry of health approves therapeutic mdma for ptsd treatment
after plastic waste contributed to deadly floods in recife , one neighborhood took action . now people can earn a living by cleaning up the river in a scheme being imitated around the world .
dropkick murphys perform special show for three year old cancer patient
teacher ' s inspirational note to students goes viral , ' remember to aim far !
pakistans billion tree tsunami gains momentum , hopes to achieve target of one billion new saplings plantation by end of next year .
un official sees progress in somalia amid daunting challenges
hiv life expectancy ' near normal ' thanks to new drugs
florida brewery unveils six pack rings that feed sea turtles rather than kill them
' so you think you can dance ' contestant barfs on paula abdul
a chinese hospital ship has docked in venezuela , where for the next week it will provide free health care to local patients .
8 year old rescued from a frozen pond in utah is awake and doing well
update: site now up and running my uncle created a pheromone that attracts honey bees . it comes in a tube and you just put a small amount of the paste around the area where you want pollination , and they are drawn to it .
abused and disadvantaged women have become zimbabwe ' s hidden weapon against poachers who kill elephants and rhinos for their tusks and horns . the akashinga squad is zimbabwe ' s first all female anti poaching team that has quickly earned a top reputation as sharpshooters
four month old baby and policemen sharing a smile after police rescued the baby from kidnappers .
they see me rollin '
denton whataburger employee gifted plane ticket to meet great grandson
how one elderly woman ' s idea to build her own coffin turned into a movement of " coffin clubs " helping people approach death positively
navy drag queen ' harpy daniels ' is serving looks and the country
manitoban finds favourite musician stranded on the side of highway 16
scotland closes its last coal fired power plant
they survived together , now watch 2 dogs reunite a year after their rescue
30 year old evicted by parents gets job offer and $1 , 101 bonus
american international soccer star christian pulisic reunites with his dog for the holidays thanks to twitter and a friendly act of kindness from strangers
gym chain bans cable news networks because ' politically charged content ' doesn ' t mesh with a ' healthy way of life '
dog found tied to tree with note attached to collar gets adopted
vet intern spots tick just before paralyzed dog was to be euthanized
a mass meditation for unity &amp; peace is happening during the solar eclipse tomorrow .
meet john the 21 year old entrepreneur with down syndrome making millions of dollars selling colourful socks
iraq ' s government has found a novel way to recruit new ministers inviting members of the public who aren ' t politicians to apply . they ' ve been inundated with thousands of applications from people who want to help rebuild the country after the war with islamic state group
a study of 2 . 7 million startups found the ideal age to start a business ( and it ' s much older than you think a 50 year old startup founder is 2 . 2 times more likely to found a successful startup as a 30 year old .
brave dog saves family and neighbours from a fire
conjoined twins from sacramento successfully separated
baltimore votes to become first large u . s . city to ban water privatization
2 year old girl missing for more than 24 hours on family camping trip found safe
good guy cops
yale of the south: unf band fills in for yales ncaa opener
blair , nebraska teen with down syndrome , friend since 6th grade voted homecoming royalty; ' everyone wanted him to win '
baltimore ravens player adopts " not so adoptable " dog
campaign for men stabbed defending muslim woman on train raises $800k
irish author wins major literary prize from alma mater , where she works as a cleaner
alcohol shops in mosul reopen two years after its recapture from is
' dingo dog ' brewery donates profits to no kill animal shelters
' angel ' detroit man pays tax bill for woman about to lose her home
i met a nun today at a women ' s shelter i teach nutrition in and it was so beautiful it brought me to tears . this woman ' s story is amazing and she ' s so kind and warm . she hugged and kissed me , even held my hand throughout some of my lesson . what a beautiful day !
david byrne launches online magazine reasons to be cheerful
police dog survives stabbing after blood transfusion from fellow police dog
jeffersonville , indiana fire and police departments start a prank war with donuts , a drone , and a digital road sign
r/upliftingnews in review for the week of july 2nd 9th 2017 .
labrador saves us man from wrongful sex abuse prison term
florida zookeeper in tampa hospital after saving rhino from wildfire
a new black ale released by atlantic brewing company sept . 15 is part of an initiative to support military veterans and service members .
70 cops escorted a 5 year old to his first day back to class after police officer dad ' s death cnn
2016 was the second safest year in aviation history
uplifting discovery: scientists find ' life saving ' stash of precious helium
nc children write letters to a service unit , and their k9
iranian girl preparing for good performance at dubai intl quran contest
city teams up with university to teach children with autism how to surf during spring break .
car boot sale diamond ring bought for just 10 reaches almost double its 350 , 000 estimate
polar plunges raise money for special olympics colorado
as he prepares for retirement , a beloved cab driver shares the story of how he collected more than 450 signatures of scientists from around the world to create a history of science in signatures
with community help , local teacher buys entire elementary school a christmas gift 470 students
jon stewart , wife get ok for animal sanctuary , plan for opening
21 year old gives unique graduation speech
north and south korea agree to end korean war in historic accord
8 year old has bake sale , uses money to help northeast iowa food bank
canada enacts drug price crackdown , in blow to pharmaceutical industry
grandmother , 76 , walks 15 miles a day pushing her disabled grandson to school .
dog spotted swimming alone in atlantic is rescued
a second chance to pursue a childhood dream
children read to shelter animals to help prepare them for adoption
this republican mayor has an incredibly simple idea to help the homeless . and it seems to be working .
former facebook exec: ' you dont realize it but you are being programed '
when michael david loftin walks down the beach , he cant just ignore a piece of litter; hes got to pick it up . thats what he has in common with over 5 , 000 volunteers of 808 cleanups , the nonprofit he co founded in 2014: basically , we cant stand to just do nothing .
he needed a kidney . a classmate from 50 years ago whom he barely knew answered the call
three boys buy valentines day flowers for every girl , woman at kansas school
stray pit bull steps in while woman was being attacked
scientists find that common dietary elements cure lethal infections , eliminating the need for antibiotics
parole ? no thanks . man turns down freedom for a better chance on the outside
a naked australian farmer rejoices at first significant rainfall in months
teen girl sent by boko haram rips off suicide vest , refuses to bomb refugee camp
disney donating $1 million to stem programs following ' black panther ' success
deb ' spoons ' perry on travelling the world with cutlery in hand being forever young
disabled undercover cop waits for robbers in vancouver but only finds kindness
us poverty rate is down
costa rica center left easily wins presidency in vote fought on gay rights
nazi ' s kicked out of crete ( in greece ) !
an archbishop told a jesuit school to fire a gay teacher . they said no
this animal shelter was having problems getting people to adopt pets , so they decided to pull a stunt and it worked so . . .
soccer tournament aims to help kids battling cancer
olympic weightlifter auctions his gold medal for iran quake victims
two screaming hairy armadillos born at national zoo
pennsylvania goldfish gets life saving braces
upstate nyers medical debt mysteriously paid off
turkey opens entire city for orphans of ravaged syria
a man who was only six years old when his father lost his land in a legal dispute has won it back 23 years later , after becoming a lawyer . jordan kinyera went through 18 years of education and legal training before taking on the case
man , 98 , walks nearly 6 miles to visit paralyzed wife in hospital
giant leaf for mankind ? china germinates first seed on moon | a small cotton shoot is growing onboard change 4 lunar lander , scientists confirm
mcdonald ' s employee jumps through drive through window to rescue unconscious police officer in florida
stranger ( a lawyer ) in portland courtroom shows defendant mercy forks over $983 so he won ' t become felon
frat brothers brighten hospital room for lexi brown , little girl fighting cancer
american educator salman khan and his khan academy online platform that offers free classes worldwide have won spain ' s princess of asturias award for international cooperation .
china ' s ' extinct ' dolphin may have returned to yangtze river , say conservationists | world news
a self assured swedish cat just came home after nine years away
a cafe where you pay what you can and its not charity |allow the hungry to have access to high quality local food | danville , kentucky
these former colleagues didnt know one another at wright state . then one donated a kidney to the other .
a female baby southern resident killer whale has been born . this is good news since only 76 such whales are left
wife of furloughed federal worker wins $100 , 000 , new car in virginia lottery amid shutdown
woman adopts elderly dog , realizes it ' s the ' best friend ' she lost as a child nsfw ( crying )
vancouver steps towards a ban on coffee cups and foam containers to reduce the waste in the city landfills
man granted visa to see son collect doctorate says he is ' in a dream '
north carolina dog gets new leash on life with prosthetic feet
three young refugees ran into burning syracuse home to rescue four ( video )
chance the rapper plays key role in attempting to bring back spicy chicken nuggets to wendys menu
manhattan mothers help nc woman who gave birth at 6 months with housing food and companionship in expensive nyc
epileptic woman has a coffee with the mother of the teenage boys who robbed her as she had a seizure on a bike trail . the boys will be made to complete a first aid course as punishment
' dreams do pay off ' : black women cheer royal engagement for some black women , meghan markle and prince harrys engagement was something more . one of the worlds most eligible bachelors has chosen someone who looks like them and grew up like them .
pakistan born refugees offered citizenship
marijuana based anti seizure drug could hit u . s . market in 2018 after strong study results
jeopardys alex treble reveals his tumors have shrunk by more than 50 percent
french news organizations pledge to stop publishing names and photos of terrorists
china has promised to close down its domestic ivory trade completely by the end of 2017 , a decision that offers real hope to curb a poaching crisis that is wiping out tens of thousands of elephants across africa
firefighter comforts and provides oxygen to iguana after battling reptile store fire
seahawk helps addicts preparing to climb rainier
4 crying babies brought a free flight for jetblue passengers
the global crackdown on parents who refuse vaccines for their kids has begun: countries like italy and australia are tired of measles outbreaks so they ' re moving to fine anti vaccine parents .
power switch: cleveland starts move to 100% renewable energy by 2050
heart surgeon makes good on his promise to attend a patient ' s 100th birthday seven years later
this ' kitten raiser ' nurtures shy cats until they ' re ready for adoption
man in his 30s , bands an albatross . sixty years later both he and the bird are still alive . he turned 98 yesterday .
brain damaged man builds his place in the world with legos and goodwill
woman raises money for homeless man who helped her
parisians take in homeless teens stuck in migrant shelter
dad ' s tribute to teen who became a dad after life threatening coma
brazilian artist creates beds for animals from the old tires that he finds in the streets
replenishing the worlds forests would suck enough co2 from the atmosphere to cancel out a decade of human emissions , according to an ambitious new study . scientists have established there is room for an additional 1 . 2 trillion trees to grow in parks , woods and abandoned land across the planet .
france and ireland will vote against a trade deal between the european union and south american trade bloc mercosur unless brazil takes action to protect the rainforest .
wwii vet gets home makeover thanks to kindness of strangers
the world is only getting better ( a positive view of the economy and quality of life )
nj trooper stops retired cop who delivered him 27 years ago
teenager went from working at mcdonalds to a millionaire
an australian court has refused permission for the creation of a coking coal mine in new south wales on the grounds that it would adversely contribute to greenhouse gas emissions and would set back the fight against climate change .
jack russell loses the run of himself while competing in crufts
judge advises $14m in damages to jewish woman targeted by neo nazi troll storm
canines saved from squalor
dog abandoned in crate on side of florida road rescued
these kids started a book club for minority boys . its the most popular club in school .
theyre not the florida men we deserve , but they are the florida men/women we need !
this lucky woman got bill gates as a reddit secret santa , and he showered her with thoughtful gifts
terminal cancer patient ian toothill conquers everest
myanmar has unique chance to forge peace
the planet now has more trees than it did 35 years ago
indian woman ship captain wins top bravery award for dramatic sea rescue
pilot surprises son by captaining flight back from army deployment
cvs will limit opioid prescriptions to 7 days | cnn
buckethead the bear cub ' s head freed from jar after three days
cyst scare docs urge women not to fear ovarian cysts or rush into
cat returns after seventeen years
milwaukee airport collecting spare change to help the homeless
a tomato club founded more than a century ago has blossomed into a beloved tradition in cleveland county , where members tend their community like a garden .
china ' s president pledges another $60 billion in aid for africa
tennessee becomes first state in the south with hate crime law protecting transgender people
women burn burqas and men shave their beards as they celebrate escape from isis stronghold in syria
norwegians raise 15 000 usd to restore vandalized rock formation
you belong . stay strong . be blessed: a texas mans roadside message to muslims
us postal service to unveil mister rogers stamp next month
nazi sympathizer profiled by the new york times says he lost his job and soon his home
the new research on symptoms of smoking cancer
six eu countries volunteer to take in migrants stranded in mediterranean waters .
violence related casualties in pakistan declined by 45% last year , and by 86% since 2013
group of scientists from university of western australia developed a new cassava plant , immune to whitefly , enabling food security for developing countries
300 icelanders attend refugee girl ' s birthday party
from a $20 t shirt to a lifetime serving our veterans
officers buy bike for teen who walked hours to work
bowing to pressure , hong kong leader suspends extradition bill
three fluffy abruzzo sheepdog puppies were rescued from a hotel in italy which had been buried by an avalanche
rapper yg donates $150 , 000 to girl code la
abandoned at 17 a new beginning for an elderly cat
it turns out mlk ' s 9 year old granddaughter wrote her march for our lives speech all by herself
international pen pals meet for the first time after 50 years of letters
bikers ride to support homeless veterans
chinese researchers achieve stunning quantum entanglement record
potential for a male contraceptive is one step closer
hospital ' s baby cuddling service is completely staffed , has a waiting list of volunteers
us army officer brings afghan interpreter to live with him
indias solar capacity reaches 30 gw milestone; solar has reached 30% of the 100 gw installation goal by 2022
orphaned koala thurston released back into wild in south east queensland
sled hockey helping disabled utah veterans maintain mental , physical strength
farmers stand in silence at auction so a young man can buy back his family farmhouse
goldman sachs to pay $5 billion in u . s . justice dept mortgage bond pact
neglected dog rescued &amp; freed from 35 pounds of matted fur
after hearing u . s . veteran had no family , huge crowd attends his funeral in texas
target employee &amp; toddler host impromptu dance party: video
acid attack survivor finds love after dialing wrong number
watch randy bryces new video it takes a lot to do a little
canada has passed its most progressive fisheries act in history; for the first time since 1868 , there ' s a legally binding requirement to rebuild fish populations .
longtime shoeshiner donated $202 k to children ' s hospital of pittsburgh over his lifetime
an angel buys 204 pairs of shoes for kansas flood victims
taylor county residents take initiative to clean up their community
keanu reeves has secretly been financing multiple childrens hospitals
tracking dog brought in to help find missing labrador retriever
new neurons for life ? old people can still make fresh brain cells , study finds
christians across the world commemorate good friday
fire department member adopts dog after finding it during gatlinburg wildfires
rival gangs band together to build playground
military family searching for good samaritan who saved woman at downtown joan jett concert
corona beer founder antonino fernandez makes every resident of the spanish village he grew up in a millionaire
a chinese new year ' survival guide ' bbc news
couple opens pizza shop to help employ homeless
a stranger helped a 5 year old fly back to america . they found each other 15 years later .
aelita andre , 9 year old abstract painter opens solo show in famed russian museum
new startup aims to use the talents of refugees in greece and employ those who are in need .
last , but certainly not least: 81 year old finishes honolulu marathon
major league baseball team signs player with autism to contract
new york is giving free legal advice to thousands of undocumented migrants
dog saved buried baby in thailand
new zealand prime minister couldnt make ed sheerans auckland shows , so she invited him over for a cuppa and scones . he obliges !
powerful young voice against bullying gets national recognition: mahea sims tulba remembers the emotional pain she felt as a fifth grader when other kids started verbally bullying her .
somali american teen breaks down barriers at miss minnesota usa pageant
after a week of speedrunning , the annual awesome games done quick videogame charity marathon ended last night having raised $2 , 261 , 823 . 19 for the prevent cancer foundation .
teen ' s ' promposal ' to her disabled best friend is touching hearts everywhere
melbourne zoo vets monitor arthritis australian fur seal
the midwife who saved intersex babies
james alex fields found guilty of killing heather heyer during charlottesville white nationalist rally sentenced 20 years life
what " welcome " looks like
kylian mbappe is donating his full earnings from the world cup ( $550 , 000 ) to a charity that gives free sports instruction to hospitalized and disabled children in sports
man reunites with dogs after texas tornado cbs news
bush sisters write emotional letter to malia , sasha obama
philando
a deaf woman who was blocked from cooking school is now opening her second restaurant with all deaf employees .
ashland restaurant owner targeted by racist comments gets community support
the miraculous thailand cave rescue and the movies inspired by it
to the 4 skateboarders who saw a 15 year old girl being raped in public
pittsburgh redditor houses homeless couple at his hostel , placed there by a nonprofit who heard about him also on reddit
nasa shows off first flower grown in space
watch incredible moment motorway pc saves mum and baby in out of control car
god destroys home of anti gay leader tony perkins in flood of biblical proportions
lamborghini grants wish of dying child to drive in a pink lamborghini aventador with richard hammond from top gear
spider man visits harvey victims at houston shelter , cheers up kids
animal welfare advocates are celebrating a new detailed plan unveiled wednesday by jeremy corbyn ' s labour party in the uk that aims to improve the lives of domesticated pets , laboratory and farm animals , and those in the wild . " no animal should be treated cruelly or made to suffer unnecessary pain .
russian support for lgbt rights hits 14 year high , poll says
thin mint cereal is going to become a thing in january .
pic showing nigerian boy being given water by a danish aid worker is now recovering
born blind and poor , this 23 year old tricked fate to build a $7 . 5m company , bollant industries .
the ghost inside suffers catastrophic bus crash , their record label donates all profits from their catalogue indefinitely to the band to help them rebuild their lives
duck helps mend george the dog ' s broken heart
cerebral palsy doesn ' t stop max quaglio from following his dream of driving trucks
delhi breathes cleanest air of the year so far
india climbs 47 places from 104th to 57th in the 2019 ranking of the spartacus gay travel index .
tijn , a terminally ill six year old dutch boy , raised over 2 . 5 million with a nail painting challenge
jailed addicts thrown a lifeline
astronomers spot 83 supermassive black holes in baby universe
heres what the " ideal male body " looks like in 19 countries around the world
a teen who was in and out of homelessness has been accepted to 17 colleges
new protected environment declared in south africa
us beauty queen makes with eds runs her own non profit eds support group called ' the zebra network ' to make an invisible illness , visible .
billionaire bill gates announces a $1 . 7 billion investment in u . s . schools .
woman wins free pizza for a year and donates every slice to a homeless shelter
india state launches ' gun for plants ' scheme
can music bring peace closer ?
mum and child rescued from sinking car
football star takes girl with down syndrome to the prom . so cute !
after a modeling agency snubbed this adorable baby ' s photos because he has down syndrome , people around the world reacted . and now he ' s got a job with oshkosh b ' gosh !
jerry rice reveals he crashes ' at least ' one bay area wedding each weekend
syrian refugee says familys chocolate business shows value of canadian openness
' forgotten dinosaurs returning from edge of extinction after sightings in us rivers . this could be the ' comeback generation ' of the species , scientists say .
gov . brown declares california drought emergency is over
11 year old el paso boy starts #elpasochallenge to honor shooting victims; " i challenge each person in el paso to do 20 good deeds for each other .
snail mail graduation party makes special needs graduate ' s day
man in sheffield , england , regularly tended to the memorial of 10 u . s . airmen who died trying to avoid him and his friends during wwii . after the story gained traction , the 75th anniversary of their death was marked with a fly by from british and u . s . air forces .
twitter shareholders will vote on turning the company into a cooperative owned by its users
russian cat called masha saves baby abandoned in the cold
9 year old sets up lemonade stand to keep her local library open
connecting jews and arabs through a shared love of soccer
he ' s 10 years old and just beat cancer . now he ' s police chief for the day
woman , 72 , leaves house and entire estate to local charities after her death
illinois just became the first state to require insurance companies to cover epipen injectors for kids
worlds smallest surviving baby boy returns home after months in hospital .
tiger cub abandoned at texas border gets new , permanent home
teen drives seven hours round trip to deliver pizza to a dying man
saudi arabian man takes care of stray cats
payrolls rise 164 , 000 as labor force sets a record high
karma and giving spirit fuel auto shop owner ' s plan to help customers
bullied 5th grader ify ufele makes new york fashion week debut with clothing line for all sizes
cvs raises wages offers 4 weeks pair parental leave to moms , dads , and any adoptions
couple rescues a mom and two kids from frigid pond in maine
alberta man pulls up to tim hortons drive thru in his zamboni: it was the most canadian thing
medical students create halloween costume for 16 year old with rare chromosomal mutation
community donating money to help academic advisor remove giant racial slur from his car
india legalises consensual gay sex by defanging the british era section 377 of the indian penal code
the world needs more app developers like this !
partners for patriots connects dogs with disabled veterans
photographer outs herself as anonymous donor of millions to female artists
chkd gets a new furry friend to help children in recovery
talking turkey: nc firefighters rescue baby birds from drain
waiter tipped $500 for act of kindess
a flamingo ? in texas ? a zoo fugitive since 2005 is still surviving in the wild
woman raped 43 , 000 times by age of 16 travelling the world to help other sex slaves
dad invents drone to prevent swimming pool drownings
trapped mexican bakers make ' pan dulce ' bread for hundreds of harvey victims
iranian women protest against strict hijab laws by posting flying hair photos
d . c . police give twins teddy bears made from their fallen father ' s uniform
unbelievable , two women and their dogs have been rescued after being lost at sea for five months
nasa
74yr old man walks miles to find wife a kidney
waorani people protect half a million acres of rainforest from oil drilling
hundreds attend veteran royal marine ' s funeral after appeal bbc news
humans of new york photo inspires thousands to help
target employee ' s act of patience and kindness will inspire you
vietnam refugee escaped in fishing boat , later went to mit and became cto of uber
run ernie run: 93 year old wwii veteran completes epic us coast to coast run
firefighters sing to daughter after horrific crash
' this can ' t be real ' : survivor of manchester concert bombing surprised with royal wedding invite
' were coming to liberate her ' : the fight to free killer whale held captive for 50 years
7 year old cancer survivor designed custom prosthetic eye after bullying: after being called a freak , he asked for a chicago cubs logo on his prosthetic eye .
family overwhelmed by community support to help buy mobility van for 7 year old boy with rare condition causing progressive loss of bones
cruise ships are finally banned from venice following decades long battle
toronto is the first city to make their buildings bird friendly
scientists reported wednesday that they genetically modified stem cells to grow skin that they successfully grafted over nearly all of a childs body a remarkable achievement that could revolutionize treatment of burn victims and people with skin diseases
more than 1 , 000 ipads awarded to individuals with autism
boy gets colorado town to overturn snowball fight ban
stowaway cat survives 400 mile ride beneath st . paul owner ' s semi truck: the tale of how a pet cat was reunited with its owner after clinging to the undercarriage of an 18 wheeler at 70 miles per hour .
rhino poaching ' kingpin ' finally in the dock after 20 delays
namibia ' s success in the fight against hiv
small town charity fundraiser turns into $1 . 7 million windfall for one lucky person
poarch band of creek indians donates $184 , 000 for funerals of tornado victims
tennessee restaurant manager ' s act of kindness helps irma evacuees
wausau officer raises donations to buy veteran a new chair
deirdre loses an incredible 112lb in 18 months to complete half marathon to honour her late dad: ' he would have been so proud of me '
gbats special olympics truck convoy raises more than $190 , 000: land line magazine
8 year old writes best seller on dealing with " annoying " little brothers
j . k . rowling: ' i pinned my first rejection letter to my kitchen wall '
tuk tuk library brings books to poor children of jakarta
volunteers rescue jewish headstones used to pave street in western ukraine
here are the homeless men who found the bombs in new jersey
helicopter mission helps a 65 year old painter who lost two husbands and survived hodgkins lymphoma to gather belongings before losing home to lava
97 year old vet parachutes into normandy for 75th anniversary of dday
this business owner in my area covered up racist graffiti with a beautiful mural promoting peace and love .
bill that would ban abstinence only sex ed approved by colorado house
women led startup turns domestic abuse survivors into entrepreneurs | society
blown up by maoists , school reopens 14 years on
court blocks trump ' s ban on transgendered service people .
nearly 15 years after 9/11 , retired colonel meets the man whose life he helped save
finish line donates new shoes to sc special olympics basketball team
judge sentences veteran with ptsd to 24 hours in jail , then joins him behind bars
country time is paying off fines on kids ' lemonade stands
military mom pulls off touching surprise for son after year overseas
kids form human arrow to point police toward suspects
largest ever amazon restoration project is set to happen
half a million people join ' justice for chunky ' anti animal abuse campaign
not your usual kind of uplifting news , but with the world being so hateful lately , i thought i ' d share . a gamer bought a new system and was given a bunch of free games from members of reddit ' s gaming forum .
mega millions jackpot revised: winner will take $543 million
canada ranks seventh in world happiness report , finland first
96 year old girl scout finally receives college degree
india to achieve most of cop 21 climate change goals in next 18 months: modi
las vegas is now completely powered by renewable energy
2 , 000 foot long floating pipe nicknamed wilson is about to start its mission to collect all the plastic in the middle of the pacific ocean
homeless man recounts story of bravery during manchester attack
more than 40 years later , formerly homeless man to resume classes at ut
an airline has said it will honor first class tickets that it mistakenly sold to some lucky passengers for a fraction of the usual price . seats that would normally cost around $16 , 000 were instead sold for $675
this kind hairdresser transforms homeless people for a good cause
man brings his loyal dog on his heartbreaking final walk to his favourite spot before he is put down
a snorkeler found this woman ' s class ring from 1952 and was able to get it back to her you have to see her photo !
the los angeles angles throw a no hitter on night honoring late pitcher tyler skaggs , who passed away before their july 1 game vs . the texas rangers
chrysler museum staffers go toe to toe in international dance competition
syrian refugee saves the day for bride
ndf firefighter saves young fawn from wildfire
suicides in japan decline for 8th straight year
rep . ilhan omar receives hero ' s welcome home amid trump attacks
vet student saves dying labrador puppy after thousands donated to justgiving page: fay alsworth has raised almost 6 , 000 in just over a week to pay for a life saving procedure for the puppy .
google is sharing stories for trans awareness week ! there ' s a link at the bottom of every new tab in chrome
silicon valley high school makes $24 million from snap ipo
female pilots to make debut in iran air
lgbt for trump sincr 2016 yeeehaaawwww folks !
microsoft designs an xbox controller with braille
' the backpack saved my life ' : airport shooting survivor describes his close call
cat becomes trapped in vehicles bumper; survives 8 mile ride in san diego county
dog swims 6 miles to reunite with his owners after falling overboard .
the man who quit heroin and became a fruit juice millionaire
beloved security guard cries after student ' s unexpected gift from georgia tech
deer approaches hunter for head scratch
maryland property owners no longer have to prove their innocence in civil forfeiture cases
in 2006 , a high school basketball coach let the team ' s student manager , who was diagnosed with severe autism , into a game; he scored 20 points . 10 years later , the impact of his decision is still being felt .
nasty , 3ft long parasitic guinea worms that cause dracunculiasis ( a searing blister ) are on the cusp of being wiped from the planet . if this happens , dracunculiasis will be the second human disease eradicated globally .
officers were lit and turnt up
pepsico drops lawsuit against indian farmers over potatoes used in lays chips
skin cancer: pair of drugs ' eliminate 20% of tumours '
police: pair of detroiters use ax , bat to save teen from plane crash on their street [video]
domino ' s pizza lover kirk alexander whose life was saved by staff when he didn ' t order
68 homes in a luxury kensington development have been purchased to rehouse victims of the grenfell tower fire
iowa firefighters help deliver baby , shovel new mom ' s driveway
i always see these on the wall . incredibly moving to see one save a life .
an area of the ocean the size of india was protected in 2015 , putting the world on track to reach the un goal of 10% protection by 2020
hundreds of people gathered at a cemetery in freezing temperatures in my hometown to honor a vietnam veteran that had almost no known family .
surrey rcmp happily surprised as nye road checks net no criminally impaired drivers
dublin woman ( 81 ) finally meets her 103 year old mother
wife gets wedding ring back after husband accidentally drops it in salvation army kettle
riaa fails to take down pirate bay domain , for now
does this fit here ?
saudi woman filmed wearing miniskirt in public is release from custody and case is closed
when his mother blacked out at the wheel , a quick thinking eight year old boy took control of a car and steered it to safety across a busy road before calling emergency services
berlin marathon drinks guy happy to be part of world record run
edward norton and humans of new york set up donation campaign for the scientist .
husband of young woman with terminal cancer ask others for help on gofundme
this little girl ' s on a mission to hug police officers in all 50 states
def leppard to meet with arkansas school for the deaf leopards
dogs have historically been a symbol of a ' paws ' in hostilities between north and south korea so pyongyang has sent two pups to south korean president moon jae in as a token of friendship
devyn holmes , facebook live shooting victim now standing and exercising .
woman quit her job to knit sweaters for cold abandoned greyhounds
china unveils the terrifying elevated bus that drives over cars
officers lure trapped cat to safety using red dot sight on a taser , shield
obama gave this crack dealer a second chance . heres what hes doing with it .
big brown cares with united postal services along with local organizations joined together to provide disaster relief to st . joseph families affected by the ongoing water crisis . the company generously donated two semi truck loads of bottled drinking water for relief efforts .
inspiring
chile is charging ahead with electric vehicles
india is now producing the worlds cheapest solar power; costs of building large scale solar installations in india fell by 27 per cent in 2018
jimmy fallon donates $10 , 000 to flint charity during city ' s ongoing water crisis
korean family reunions: could you wait 67 years to see your family again ?
mexican cross country skier finishes last but raises the roof with heartwarming celebrations
an arkansas mother of four left her abusive husband but couldn ' t afford a new house , so she built one for herself and her children after watching diy videos on youtube
richard spencer says that antifa sucked all the fun out of college appearances , calls it quits
reddit ' s ban of r/coontown and r/fatpeoplehate worked many accounts of frequent posters were abandoned and those who stayed reduced their use of hate speach
oscars 2018: the silent child , starring six year old deaf british girl , wins . the silent child , which tells the story of a girl who struggles to communicate , was named best live action short film .
long island cvs employee prevents an elderly woman from buying 1500 dollars worth of prepaid cards in an attempt to scam her
middle school teacher surprises his student with kidney donation
chile just converted 11 million acres into new national parks
teen falls off a six flags ride and a crowd catches her
endangered apes saved from pet trade: conservationists are celebrating the arrival of a baby javan gibbon the first of this species to be born in the wild to parents that were rescued from the pet trade .
dog earns special treat: british award for bravery
man hugs police in riot gear at charlotte protests
a 10 year old girl gives marketing advice to elon mask .
britain goes a week without coal power for the first time since the industrial revolution
penn state thon raises $9 , 770 , 332 . 32
sheriffs office gives car to orphaned family
romeo the dog rescued 10 days after italy earthquake
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police officer surprised him with a bike
former vice president joe biden consoles meghan mccain about her father ' s battle with cancer the same cancer that bidens late son beau died of in 2015 .
family of boy with down syndrome surprises his bus driver at his retirement party . the 19 year old became very close with the driver after he drove him every day since grade school .
farmer rescues kittens from flood with broom handle and baby wipe container
guy finishing goal of running down every street in the city of buffalo gains a new perspective of his hometown
animal crackers animals freed as boxes get new look
teen saves woman ' s life by befriending her kidnapper
woman wakes up after spending 27 years in a coma , her son never gave up hope
housebound parkinson ' s patients have movement restored
an entire neighborhood is being built in west melbourne , fl to take care of abused and neglected children , complete with foster parents to give them families
database for " ask a woman scientist " now has 10 , 000 scientists and their contact information , as a tool to help conferences and journalists represent the diversity of scientists .
teenage suicide attempts fall in the us after same sex marriage is legalized
' you embody the best of america ' : uk politicians stand in solidarity with ilhan omar , accusing trump of ' unashamed racism '
video of lancaster police officer playing basketball with teen sparks hope
florida organization seeks volunteers to celebrate foster children ' s birthdays
the wisdom collector: fbi agent secrets on how to gain anyone ' s trust
' songbird forest ' reserve expands protection for rare brazilian birds
meals on wheels donations surge after white house budget proposes funding cuts
paris hero and undocumented migrant climbed building bare handed to save a 4 year old child
first inmate in 2 years to get ged , sheriff showed up to congratulate him
meet the little bank thats helping immigrants achieve big american dreams
pepsi ' s ceo writes letters to the parents of her employees to express her gratitude
orlando shooting victims see over $5 million in medical costs disappear in act of kindness
top 10 cnn heroes of 2018 revealed
missing modesto kindergarten teacher found alive: jamie tull has bipolar disorder . . . she has not taken her medication for six months because a pastor and his wife told her that pills lead to demons .
teenage crane operator saves 14 people from burning building in china
the city of melbourne gave email addresses to trees so locals could report problems , but they received thousands of love letters instead
agent donates $100 from each home sale to animal shelters
unlikely bone marrow match that led to a close connection
trash collectors bring toys to two little boys on their route
cpd lieutenant spearheads effort to help homeless veteran
federal judge rules trump can ' t block people on twitter because it violates their first amendment rights
israeli doctors successfully operate on gaza tree man
30 years after suffering head injury , canadian man solves his own missing persons case: police
georgia soldiers meet fundraising goal to bring home ' company dog ' from afghanistan
red wiggle and dorthy the dinosaur got married !
colombia ' s president ( who just won the nobel peace prize ) donates prize money to victims of the 52 year conflict
madoffs victims are close to getting their $19 billion back
ufc fighter will give belt to cancer survivor if he wins it on dec 30th
how game of thrones helped save a farm in northern ireland
man goes the distance for tiny hummingbird his dog helped rescue
refugee dad who went viral on humans of new york heads to u . s . with $450k gift
teachers are going into a prison for a parents ' evening to be held behind bars
logic performs song about suicide prevention awareness on live tv; suicide hotline call volume increases 50%
nurse returns to work at hospital she was treated at as a child with cancer
man cant find his dentures , looks under table and sees dog
for 15 years , doctors told him he would never walk again unassisted . they were wrong .
baltimore to stop prosecuting marijuana possession cases
dog rescues baby buried alive in field
jaden smith opens free vegan food truck on skid row in los angeles
sheldon adelson in dire health
first they jailed the bankers , now every icelander to get paid in bank sale .
woman , 82 , meets 103 year old mother after 60 year search
ikea staff will receive a 1 , 200 gift from the company this christmas .
i feel like this counts as uplifting news .
after cheerful young walmart cashier pays for stranger ' s $110 grocery bill , community repays him ten fold
canadian dog owner braves frozen river to save his pup
dead child comes back to life just before burial
rejected by parents , gay valedictorian is going to college , with $50k from donors
bikers help grant dying veteran ' s last wish
amphibians and trees further protected in puerto rico by the rainforest trust
province launching measles immunization program in b . c . schools | cbc news
police officer talks man out of jumping to his death by talking about the upcoming redskins vs . cowboys game; the second time he ' s used this method to save a person from suicide .
son treats elderly mum to european adventure following husband ' s death
medicare boosts payment for breakthrough cancer therapy
best engagement photo ever
video: worker lauded for inviting teen with autism to help him stock supermarket
unschooled 17yearold makes it to mit
homeless veteran to move into childhood home thanks to help of local volunteers
a young homeless man asked a businessman for change . instead , the businessman asked him about his life and was so impressed by his attitude that he offered the young man a job on the spot ( and bought him lunch too )
farmers in this gujarat village have formed the world ' s first solar irrigation cooperative
iranian women learn dancing
a passenger plane crash landed and burned in south sudan but all 49 people onboard survived
anyone can be part of this animation and make the frames with their breath in public places .
australian girl offers to tattoo over the scars of self harmers for free .
lagunitas beer circus draws thousands . the festival donates proceeds from beer &amp; merchandise sales to the chicagoland rescue intervention &amp; support program , an organization that provides low or no cost services to help chicago pet owners keep their pets rather than leave them with a shelter .
instead of auctioning off his cleats for charity for a boy who had a brain disorder that causes as many as 30 seizure a day , cristiano ronaldo donated 83k to pay for his surgery [xpost from r/todayilearned]
syndrome imbues patients with unusual kindness , passions
australians petition to put animal conservationist steve irwin on their money
using folk music to fight off drought depression
heavy metal surprise: young iron maiden fan gets tickets for birthday ( 9yo )
effort to make animal abuse a federal crime getting bipartisan support
in 2017 google will reach 100% renewable energy for their global operations including their data centers and offices .
these scientists studying coral reefs were brought to tears but in a good way ( x post from /r/news )
on women ' s day , the indian government launches biodegradable sanitary pads for rs 2 . 50 , approx 4 cents ( x post from r/india )
spokesman: evangelist the rev . billy graham has died at his home in north carolina at age 99
payrolls rise solidly; jobless rate at nine year low
searchcap: google search verification , google legal woes &amp; voice assistants
popular tourist spot bends the rules to help struggling teen earn cash for ailing dad and college
blind lady crosses off bucket list item thanks to stranger on motorcycle
paralyzed woman defies odds , hikes appalachian trail
wild tiger population rising for first time in 100 years
saudi women will no longer need a man ' s permission to travel or study
for the first time in over 100 years they find baby turtles in the galapagos islands
biological mom keeps baby born with birth defects when adoptive mom flees
tortured body of transgender person found in peshawar , say police
when quaker oats rejected 80 year old man ' s handwritten contest entry , another company stepped in to assist
this subway performer allows the homeless to take as much as they need from his donations
triple amputee makes mckinney proud with first win in competitive jiu jitsu
kenya honours muslim teacher who died saving christians
couple donates $2m to michigan greenway trail project
cheerleader asks kid with autism to prom
new zealand plans to power its grid with 100% renewable energy by 2035 .
this picture of a woman at an airport is going viral , look closer and you ' ll see why .
as a gymnast born without legs , jen bricker grew up idolizing olympic gold medalist dominique moceanu from afar . then she discovered they are actually long lost sisters .
social media helps reunite 5 year old cancer patient with his beloved teddy bear
only slightly exaggerated | travel oregon
teen births hit an all time low in 2015
footballer gets tattoo of 6 year old fan and ' best mate ' who died of neuroblastoma
huge cleanup of the great pacific garbage patch .
canadian girl meets the german man whose stem cell donation saved her life .
brides for a cause giving back to military brides for the next 2 weeks , military brides can receive a free wedding dress
lady gaga will reportedly testify in dr . lukes kesha lawsuit
a stranger pledged $1 million to put these kindergartners through college
u . s . coast guard has saved 4 , 322 lives in houston flooding .
bob ' s last ride: hundreds of motorcyclists surprise veteran to fulfill final wish
karate champion in uniform of street sweepers
syrian women rescued from isis create all female battalion
the inside story of larry hogan ' s battle against cancer
the ' destiny ' fans who helped a dying man achieve his dream
nuclear fusion on brink of being realised , say mit scientists
don unverferth , terrible quarterback and incredible human being
the man with a titanium chest
baby sea lion rescued from busy california highway
suicide molecules kill any cancer cell
outpouring of community support for teen ice cream scooper after customer fat shames her in yelp review
new all in one website aims to connect people with special needs to accessible resources .
rhino poacher trampled by an elephant and then eaten by lions
a police officer rescued a chicken from a garage , and his body cam captured it
american woman travelled all the way to pakistan to tie the knot with sialkot boy
arnold schwarzenegger dealing with troll
101 year old man gets $0 . 07 refund on meal at a restaurant that gives discounts based on age
how do you change a child bride culture ?
widow adopts dying dog no one wants so he can pass in loving home
hidden figures: nasa renames street after black female mathematicians
india makes history by employing transgender people in govt . jobs
miracle baby born at 11 ounces headed home after 9 months
rockefeller center christmas tree brings holiday cheer to the plaza
one of our friends has started making " make america kind again " lawn signs , promoting mutual respect and friendship among all parties
some investors are donating their homes to families in need , as the tech industry responds to the california wildfires . airbnb has been able to facilitate the offering up of homes , as well , with over 2 , 000 hosts offering shelter across california through the company ' s open homes program .
how a stray puppy rescued from a trash pit became a movie star
tear jerking moment navy dad surprises children for christmas
a dying street dog ' s life was completely transformed after this couple found her
hundreds attend memorial service for veteran with no known family
50 retired racehorses due to be put down find new home helping to rehabilitate prisoners
13 reasons why not " oxford high school project
chicago girl , 6 , gives up birthday party to feed homeless instead
no excuses: deaf seattle seahawks fullback inspires fans in viral ad
i have a fully prepped rally car but i need more money .
exas girl cries tears of joy after receiving doll with prosthetic leg just like hers
a better way to trace scattered refugees
women improve health in myanmar villages with puppet theater
good samaritan caught on camera giving homeless man his shirt
nintendo delayed animal crossing because it didn ' t want to put its employees through excessive crunch .
adidas launches new training shoe made from ocean plastic waste
man who threw dog off bridge sentenced to 5 years in prison . bonus news . the dog survived and has since been adopted .
high school student awarded by police chief for cleaning up litter on city street on her own
electricity reached all indian villages on saturday
after 5 hr portland police standoff and jail time , legal system finds solution for man ' s chronic drug problem
connecticut just banned civil forfeiture without a criminal conviction
dogs separated at adoption randomly reunite at seattle market
cant sleep ? let bob ross help you find some happy little zzzs
sharks have returned to maya bay in thailand months after the tourist spot made famous by film the beach was closed to the public . video footage posted by the thai government shows a large number of blacktip reef sharks in the bay on koh phi phi lei island .
teenager raises $300k to teach coding and 3 d printing to kids with cancer
every advert in clapham common tube station replaced with cat photos
pregnant waitress gets $900 tip just days before christmas
des moines gay bar moved by compassion of local church
a muslim landowner took in dozens of christians to protect them from islamic extremists
( chicago ) ' heroes ' lift train to free man pinned between ' l ' and platform: witness
depression prevention: state mandated screenings , software that detects it , growing evidence of a cure , and reasoning why people suffer from it .
how one uk police officer and his baton took on three knife wielding london terrorists in his own words .
once abused dog is now local hero for saving life of 3 year old girl
elephant attacks a farmer but is saved by his dog . the dog protected its owner despite sustaining an injury below its eye until the elephant backed off .
brown university to drop fee for low income applicants
utah legalizes lemonade stands and other businesses run by kids
dr . dre to donate $10 million for compton high school ' s new performing arts center
dave bautista was so poor he had to tape cardboard in his shoes to keep his feet dry . now he ' s in guardians of the galaxy
georgia ( us ) governor to veto religious liberty bill , " to make sure georgia always remains a welcoming place .
it was like a mini wildlife park: chinese police bust smugglers selling red pandas and gibbons online . aquarium boss among 20 suspects held on suspicion of selling protected species through social media .
paddy power has stuck a finger up to russia and raised 80k for lgbt+ charities
wwii veterans celebrate their 70th wedding anniversary
health officials say this years nasty flu season has finally passed its peak
ballet dancers give romeo and juliet happy ending by getting engaged after playing starring roles
mall of america in minnesota employs its first black santa in its 24 year history
he broke the twitter record and got a year of free nuggets
teens escape immigrant detention center
major fashion companies to make g7 pledge to help environment
santa barbara trainer rescues , rehabilitates horses from kill pens
600 homeless fed with food trucks
iceland beat austria 2 1 and advance to the round of 16 in the 2016 euros against all odds . this icelandic commentator can ' t keep himself together .
54 year old custodian who graduated from school he cleaned lands job at multibillion dollar company
tesla remotely extends range of vehicles for free in florida to help owners escape hurricane irma
student walks 20 miles to new job so ceo gifts him a car
clowns without borde bring smiles to refugee children in tanzania
putin raises punishment of illegal wildlife sales from 2 years community service and $8 , 700 fine to 9 years prison and a $48 , 300 fine
orange county residents gather to support 2 muslim women berated by man at ice cream store
ingles donates nearly 2 , 000 pounds of cat food to asheville humane society
recent lowe ' s canada hire couldn ' t find a job due to special needs &amp; a support dog . so meet blue , their new customer service canine !
learn to use your car trunk escape mechanism just in case ! you can get away !
wolves return to netherlands after 140 years
a florida couple has won their right to cover their house with a mural of vincent van gogh ' s famed starry night
how 3 year olds are helping these people live longer a mixed facility preschool/retirement home is breathing new life and vibrancy into inter generational human connection
world ' s oldest living animal , 184 year old tortoise named jonathan , has first ever bath
people are increasingly identifying themselves as global rather than national citizens , according to a bbc world service poll .
school districts in kansas commit to finding ' dignified housing ' for homeless students
woman receives marriage proposal after winning marathon on her 30th birthday
sinatra the husky returns home after 2 , 200 mile adventure
a kitchener [canada] man who had been missing for almost 30 years has been found alive , thanks to a sudden flash of memory , a dna test and the detective work of a st . catharines area social worker .
nasa satellite images of poop lead researchers to penguin ' supercolony '
the " tesla of ecovillages " is building self reliant villages for the coming billions
toddler taken 80 miles through snowstorm to save his life
americans will spend $21 . 4 bn on mother ' s day . here ' s what they ' re buying
to help airport passengers deal with travel anxiety san francisco airport has hired the first therapy pig .
ralphs supermarket provides free food and stays open all night for those evacuated due to brush fire
brooklyn cops save baby who stopped breathing after seizure
water based air conditioner cools without harmful chemicals
sextuplets born in virginia to couple who spent 17 years trying to conceive a child
iranian infant allowed u . s . entry for vital heart surgery in nyc
syrian women saved from isis by female kurdish fighters set up their own women only battalion
students sell books to help children with disabilities
wikipedia bans daily mail as ' unreliable ' source
93 year old bride gets the internet to help her pick her wedding outfit
heartwarming moment grocery worker stays patient with autistic man and lets him stock shelves
world ' s rarest bird reintroduced to madagascar
freedom of sexual orientation is now a fundamental right in india
children saved in italy avalanche hotel miracle
nsw to change laws to allow child abuse survivors to sue churches
iowa city benches replaced for homeless to lie down
a san francisco bay area man who lost his beloved pooch to cancer is keeping his fallen friend ' s memory alive by sending tennis balls to dog lovers around the country and even the world .
texas woman uses her coupon clipping skills to help hurricane survivors
singapore: unwed mums to get 16 week maternity leave , fathers get 2 weeks of paternity leave
grace slick donates money from chick fil a ad to lgbtq group
sierra nevada and over 1 , 200 other breweries have pledged to brew a beer and donate all the proceeds to california wildfire victims
charlie sheen discusses being sober for over a year
make a wish america: donate airline miles
team creates edible 6 pack rings for sea life , reduces plastic waste and saves lives
victim in viral assault video receives special flyers jersey
99 cent store gets green light to sell booze
a courageous woman used compassion to keep the trader joes hostage crisis from being worse
' ive missed him so much ' : trucker and dog reunited after indiana toll road crash
scottish company convinced the queen to embrace solar power
homeless man ' s selfless act caught on camera
man tried to attempt suicide by jumping from overpass truck drivers park their trucks side by side underneath so he can ' t fall far .
grandson takes 89 year old grandma to 29 national parks after she says she ' s never seen mountains
' the need was there ' : berlin ' s first vegan canteen for students opens veggie 2 . 0 hopes to cater for growing appetite for plant based food in germanys capital
recycling depot employees turn in over $100k of cash left inside old tv
boy with cerebral palsy gets a harley davidson surprise on his birthday
texas inmates donate more than $50 , 000 to harvey victims
this schoolteacher in dominica is meticulously connecting people with their relatives off the island after hurricane maria
u . s . navy to name a ship for assassinated gay rights activist harvey milk
recycling family saves a tonne of plastic from landfill
[opinion][political] at least we wont go to war with russia anytime soon .
for ~40 years , the harrison county sheriffs department has helped provide elementary school students with a merry christmas . . . every year , youll have a lot of kids that , instead of purchasing things for themselves , theyll purchase items for their siblings to give as christmas gifts , . . .
city of amsterdam to ban gasoline and diesel fueled cars and motorcycles from 2030
new airport scanners could mean you ' ll never have to remove items from luggage again
here here !
we need more shaquille oneals .
there ' s a charity where you can earn money for various causes every time you open a new browser tab . ( tropers rejoice ! )
first avenue in minneapolis to host all hight dance party in prince ' s honor
david bowie ' s 70th birthday to be celebrated with series of global live shows
wife informs husband on camera of their $23 million lottery win .
city scraps pit bull ban , and dog lovers celebrate ' huge victory '
director kevin smith plans his first vegan thanksgiving after near fatal heart attack
nestle , the biggest food company in the world , announced thursday it will only use eggs from cage free hens for all its food products globally by 2025
jaguars " excited " for shot at red hot gulf breeze
a new dawn malaysia after 60 years
120 dogs saved as chinese police bust dog meat gang and accept help to care for the canines
ut austin to pay tuition for qualifying low income students starting in 2020
metallica helped a metallica tribute band replace its stolen equipment
goggles ' give back ' sight to maisy
north carolina deputies bring daughter of fallen deputy to first day of kindergarten
this 100 year old runner just broke the world record at the penn relays
korean dogs destined for the dinner table become beloved pets in u . s . instead
best of friends: deaf girl teaches sign language to her deaf dog .
grenfell woman who was feared dead and pictured on missing posters is alive after rescue from 18th floor by fireman
maryland lawmakers approve bill to become first state in the country to ban foam food containers
greece football protest: players sit on the pitch after kick off
student asks to bring dog to class before hurricane irma , professor has the best response
this is what the syrian boy from that tragic photo looks like now
formerly homeless teen is accepted to stanford university
lost dog finds her way home . . . and makes some new friends in the process
3 year old invites police officer on a playdate
she missed her prom 80 years ago . at 97 , she finally went and was crowned queen .
college student saves a drowning squirrel using a trick she learned in ' the office '
film crew acts to save penguins
7 year old honorary police chief wants to fight crime while battling cancer
firefighters surprise woman with 100th birthday celebration
child and teen rescued from east hartford fire
lou schipper was a high school student who left school to fight wwii . the veteran received his diploma this past friday at the age of 90 .
jet2 passenger who was too afraid to sit next muslim who used allah in a text forms friendship
vietnam war veterans unite to build a club to with their former foes
an app called tab for a cause has raised over $300k for charity by users simply opening tabs on their computers
impressed with the sportsmanship that new orleans saints punter thomas morstead showed on sunday , vikings fans have donated more than $27k to his charity
the link to anyone needing mental help or wants to support the cause ! everytime you hastag bell lets talk , share , retweet or snapchat with the lets talk filter bell will donate $0 . 05 to mental health services . support ! #bellletstalk
strangers found to be sisters because of you caring page
inmate saves baby from locked suv using his car theft skills
every teacher in a northern kentucky school district was gifted $100 for school supplies by an anonymous donor
baby born weighing 12 ounces tiniest ever at maryland hospital is finally home
the snow leopard is no longer endangered . its still at risk .
120 children from chernobyl to arrive in ireland today
forget price gouging: businesses spontaneously organize disaster relief
student from new zealand came to a dutch mosque with flowers to say sorry
southern california police officer saves choking 9 month old , bodycam footage shows
how tattoos can ease the emotional pain of self harm scars | vice | united states
family accidentally book pride flight to new york and have time of their lives
age tech eases the burden of aging from reminding to take pills and helping those of hard hearing to letting them experience traveling by using vr goggles .
therapy chicken reunited with new hampshire family
woman finds that her fake diamond ring from 30 years ago is actually a real 26 carat diamond
teacher ' s incredible way of greeting her pupils every day is absolutely adorable
family rescue a wild bird that trusted them to save it from harm .
heart left on southwest flight makes it to destination in time to save lives
chinese cancer warriors to get helping hand from india times of india
a photo of billy the kid bought for $10 at a flea market may be worth millions
15 men were framed by corrupt chicago cops . now theyre being exonerated .
[old news] milkman puts out shop fire with 320 pints
the 10 year old waste entrepreneur
woman shares fruit from her garden with the elderly and homeless
more than 30 , 000 muslims from across the world meet in the uk to reject isis and islamic extremism
amputee can feel objects again with prosthetic arm inspired by luke skywalker
entire class accepted into college , ballou hs makes history
yisrael kristal , holocaust survivor from israel , is world ' s oldest man
this 4 year old walked miles in the wilderness to help her sick grandma
ai invents a sport for the first time . meet speedgate .
discovery of new kiwi bird population ' most significant in recent times '
puppy left at airport receives love and adoption offers
man wrongfully incarcerated for 38 years leaves prison with puppy he raised
teenager escaped from 13th floor of blazing tower with her revision notes then went to school to sit her chemistry gcse the next morning
clean energys progress , in one simple , uplifting graphic
' britain ' s loneliest dog ' lands top hollywood film role after being rejected 18 , 000 times
xpost the silicon valley fight club proves that you don ' t have to be tough to be a fighter
12 year old prior lake girl organizes holiday donation drive for charity she started at age 7
new zealand government to plant 100 million trees yearly
first child to have a double hand transplant is now playing baseball
orlando man gives last generator to crying lowe ' s customer .
dave matthews band hosts an evening of music and unity for charlottesville
reddit users come together to help widowed father recover wife ' s songs
wedding haka moves new zealand maori bride to tears
barber gives free haircuts to homeless and hopes to inspire social movement
india declares end to nipah outbreak with a music video
governor wolf of pennsylvania signs domestic abuser gun ban
11 , 000 people who were cheating just got banned from the online game csgo
taylor swift superfan and pediatric cancer warrior gets a " lover " album release hospital room makeover !
renewable energy record set in u . s .
a restaurant put a fridge out front so hungry people can grab leftovers
these vending machines for the homeless want to change peoples lives
how 2 new yorkers erased $1 . 5 million in medical debt for hundreds of strangers
ten year old girl saves 16 lives in fire at mumbai ' s crystal tower by creating air purifiers out of cotton
dutch king gets himself certified to fly the new official government plane ( a boeing 737 )
barzani charity foundation extends humanitarian aid to rohingya in bangladesh
reunited ! freeway frida goes home with officer who rescued her
if this kind of cartoon existed when i was a kid i might not have blown all my savings in 1st year uni
the world isnt as horrific as you think
joe biden to launch a charitable foundation
hero pet spaniel saves toddler from choking to death
quadruplet brothers all accepted to yale and harvard
isis has lost its last stronghold . us backed and kurdish led syrian democratic forces have finally seized the town of hajin after more than three months of fighting .
in 1990 , more than 60% of people in east asia were in extreme poverty . 26 years later , only 3 . 5% are .
solar supply glut could push module prices as low as $0 . 30/watt
holocaust hero: us soldier told nazi captors ' we are all jews ' to protect jewish captives at a nazi pow camp , us master sgt . roddie edmonds ordered more than 1 , 000 americans captives to step forward with him and pronounced: " we are all jews here .
co2 emissions stay same for third year in row a despite global economy growing
19 year old survives 49 days at sea after floating hut drifts to guam
rio ferdinand donates 500 , 000 of toys to needy manchester children
girl trades @dietdrpepper twitter handle for 41 , 000 bottles of water to be donated to flint
teacher jumps into action after seeing student riding bike on highway , learns he ' s trying to save his father ' s life
this undersea robot just delivered 100 , 000 baby corals to the great barrier reef
10 year old girl with autism singing ' hallelujah ' will give you chills
when schoolkids lock their mobile phones away in pouches for the day , amazing things happen
12 , 000 inmates to receive pell grants to take college classes
australian supermarket chain divests from poker machines due to public pressure from anti gambling advocates .
isis has lost its final stronghold in syria
more than 85 , 000 trees will be planted on the isle of man by 2024 , the chief minister has said
australia: greek nanny passes food over the fence to brothers that had their mum murdered by her ex husband .
half a billion fewer animals were killed per year since 2007 because people are eating less meat
bull elephant , apparently shot by poachers , makes it to a safari lodge where it is nursed back to health .
a great story for valentine ' s day about my mom ' s uncle jim .
virginia program aims to increase number of bee colonies
with a simple dna test , hawaii man discovers huge family he never knew last november , north shore resident scott sundby took dna test through ancestry . com as gift for his birthday . he wasn ' t expecting much . but what he found changed his life .
pinterest to push vaccine searches to health sites
francois clemmons reflects on his time with mr . rogers ' neighborhood and the man himself ( be sure to listen to the audio )
ups driver jumps into action , saves man from drowning in canal
woman with learning disability opens her own business after no one would hire her
kids are 3d printing their own superhero cyborg prosthetic arms
rare iberian lynx spotted in barcelona for first time in a century after crossing from portugal a rare iberian lynx named lithium has appeared in barcelona after journeying more than 1 , 100 kilometres ( 680 miles ) from southern portugal , where it was released two years ago .
thousands raised for michael ' s manager subjected to customers tirade in chicago
meet the best friends and first residents in a special needs community for adults in north texas
meet ' lemmysuchus ' a crocodile named after motorhead ' s lemmy
el salvador celebrates countrys first murder free day in two years
australian students recreate martin shkreli price hike drug in school lab
500 people attend last rites of beloved 130 year old crocodile in chhattisgarh ( india ) village
new classroom technology connects student hundreds of miles away
wwe ' s mark henry spent father ' s day giving haircuts to the homeless
there ' s a bird sanctuary in los angeles where parrots and veterans heal .
ftc shuts down 4 robocall groups responsible for billions of illegal robocalls
a perfect example of a college football player as a role model
the first ever troop of homeless girl scouts just sold 32 , 500 boxes of cookies in a single week , crushing their cookie sales goal .
haircuts 4 homeless barber opens shop gifted to him by a stranger
chile creates a 10 million acre national park system in patagonia , supported by founders of the north face clothing company
holocaust survivor reunites with family who saved her 71 years later
kroger to offer heroin overdose antidote without prescription
man with down ' s syndrome gets his dream job as a scaffolder
jirga supports fencing of pak afghan border pakistan dawn . com
atlanta ' s patron saint of pit bulls jason flatts animal rescue operation , friends to the forlorn , has saved 600 dogs and counting since 2009 and specializes in rescuing pit bills .
canada bans whale , dolphin and porpoise captivity
this golden retriever is giving out free hugs in new york city
video shows daring mission to save animals from wildfires
orlandos wftv got a visit from some comfort dogs on thursday
i am his hands . he is my eyes . the friendship that built a forest
new york boy selling his toys to raise money for service dog ' s surgery
michael jordan sends boxes of gear and reaches out to autistic man who wore full mj uniform at pickup game
this should help half of humanity .
dog goes out to pee , accidentally runs half marathon , comes 7th
this anchorage gas station owner didnt want anyone to go hungry on thanksgiving day
officers help deliver woman ' s baby boy on side of the road
guerrilla grafting: public trees spliced to bear edible fruit for local populace
police rescue boy , 9 , chained by pastor father for months
homeless man begging is given rare coin ' worth thousands '
dial a carol , live carol singing ( and requests ) 24/7 until december 16th
service dog found alive , unharmed inside unit 7 hours after deadly westminster fire
backyard beekeepers try saving detroit , the world
dog refuses to leave his injured owners side after a fire .
man asks mike rowe for life advice his response is the best thing youll read today
israel ' s vaxil develops cancer vaccine
instead of a protest , wichita pd plans a cookout with blm movement by police chief gordon ramsay
phil knight just gave $1 billion of nike shares to philanthropy
inmate who beat up dylann roof was given so many donations he ' s out on bond now
beached whale saved by more than 100 nova scotians in spontaneous rescue effort
traffic stop yields sweet surprise for unsuspecting drivers
filipino fisherman finds massive pearl 10 years ago , keeps it under his bed in his rundown shack as a " good luck charm " . after a fire forces him to move all his belongings , he finds out that the 77lb pearl is worth 76million ( $101 . 6m ) .
vet techs patch up stuffed animals in clinic
kitten saved from freeway by chp officer
young students raise almost $600 for shelter dog ' s surgery
spared irmas worst , puerto ricans ( including civilians ) sail to virgin islanders aid
ethiopians plant 4 billion trees
mexico city outlines us$7bn environment , climate change plan . reforestation of the citys urban and rural areas . as part of the effort , 10mn trees will be planted between june this year and november 2020 .
kashmiris hold opportunity rally against india in involved kashmir
taiwan helps man who ploughed into ferraris
polish athlete auctions olympic medal to help sick boy
a customer , kayla jackson , visits a store and learns its the 35 year anniversary but no one showed up . so , kayla took to twitter to get people to visit the store and call to congratulate the owner . thanks to kayla lots of people visited and called the store to participate in the anniversary .
nearly 150 smuggled central american migrants rescued in mexico
the welcome dinner project on breaking down cultural barriers: we would have no wars if we had more of these dinners
ian grillot the hero who took a bullet fighting against racism honored by the indian american community .
finland has been pioneering a form of deciding upon public policy where people actually think through the problems at issue , ponder on them , consider solutions , test a few of them , and then implement the best .
children with autism get to show off their super powers !
netflix ' s documentary " the white helmets " wins an oscar
at 76 , medford , oregon woman still winning basketball championships
sun a little brighter after ovechkin ' s kind deed in edmonton
a former us submariner sent christmas presents to the children of ara san juan
filipino netizens divided on alphonse areolas world cup win
every night , a dog in brazil collects food from a charity and carries it 4 hazardous miles to her animal friends in a junkyard
a canadian school ' s students and faculty members walkout in support of fellow us student shooting victims ( globalnews . ca )
a betting website put up a bet about what tie a specific journalist would wear during the australian election last night . he changed the colour of his tie six times . everybody won !
the new zealand government has promised to get the countrys homeless population off the streets and into shelter in time for winter .
gambia elects a new president for the first time since gaining independence in 1965 . since taking power 22 years ago yahya jammeh unleashed his security forces to torture , intimidate , arrest , and suppress dissenters according to human rights watch . quite uniquely for dictators he has accepted defeat
dog stolen from okc family reunites after being found in broken arrow
amy klobuchar ' s $100 billion plan to fight addiction and mental health rooted in family experience
passerby helps 16 year old escape kidnapping
his wife died in the el paso shooting and he has no other family , so hundreds showed up at her funeral
china plans to build a national park system .
i got terrifying news that my baby was only 5 10 percent likely to be fine
colorado adds ptsd as a medical marijuana condition , after years of lobbying
dog reunited with jacksonville woman after disappearance , 1 , 100 mile journey home
how to survive as a pow
14 year old girl donates homemade u . s . flag to fargo pd
a 59 year old woman who had tried for nearly four decades to become pregnant has given birth at a new york hospital after fertility treatments .
these men save cats from trees .
coast guard releases sea turtles in north carolina after they were cold stunned last december
court decision no longer required in right to die cases , judge rules
work experience boy takes over train networks twitter account
fullerton couple says it will cover college tuition for this class of 2032
portugal runs on renewable power for the whole of march
jeopardy ! " champ james holzhauer donates $10 , 000 to a charity that helps students stay in school
four jail inmates develop app for prison management , make it to limca book of records
firefighter patrick hardison: face transplant has given me my life back ( photos )
extraordinary moment a hero passer by removed his turban and used it to rescue drowning dog from an indian river
walmart , coca cola , nestle and pepsico to donate millions of water bottles to flint students
employers allowed to ban muslim workers from wearing headscarves , top european court rules
amazon makes boys dream come true with visit to phoenix distribution center
two year old toddler that went missing sunday while playing in her grandmother ' s yard in portugal found alive and well
american muslims raise more than $100 , 000 for families of san bernardino shooting victims
after she swam for her life to greece , syrian refugee now olympic hopeful
woman realised she ' d forgot her credit card at the lidl tills . so the cashier used hers .
world class teen runner with autism prepares for paralympic debut: 19 year old michael brannigan , known as mikey , is one of the world ' s elite runners . he can run a mile in 3 minutes and 57 seconds .
not from detroit but this is a great story ( be nicer on social media )
wales is second best household waste recycler in the world
around 15 , 000 former students will have their loans canceled
jimmy kimmel ' s 7 month old son billy had a ' successful ' second heart surgery
' grateful doe ' cold case of unidentified young man solved after 20 years as dna confirms body is jason patrick callahan
giant pandas rebound off endangered list
california now first state to ban racial discrimination against natural hair
oregon blockbuster outlasts all others to become last on earth
deaf man adopts deaf dog and teaches him sign language
2 year old diagnosed with rare ovarian cancer is now cancer free
nasa sets date for first all female spacewalk with canadian flight controller
pay it 4ward: albuquerque couple helps veterans that suffer from ptsd
new zealand passes law to erase historical gay sex convictions
military matters: homeless veterans in el paso co . get helping hand
whale befriends 10 year old boy
55 year old woman found her true strengths through poker
more than 120 missing children found in michigan human trafficking sting
12 year old boy who lost leg from cancer adopts 3 legged dog
teen cheerleader ignores haters and qualifies to become football player
youtuber gets 15 month prison sentence , $22 , 000 fine for toothpaste filled oreos
coral reefs more resistant to ocean warming that 20 years ago
a man reached out to classmates in need of a kidney . one he barely knew came to his aid .
incredible surgery: an australian woman undergoes an astonishing quintuple organ transplant [video and headline from ten eyewitness news twitter feed]
make a wish foundation opens " fantasy fenway " , a miniature scale model of the actual fenway park , in young red sox fan ' s backyard .
therapy cat helps autistic girl speak for the first time .
tsonga to the rescue of ailing ball girl
mentally challenged hs student gets his chance to shine
how odisha looked cyclone fani in the eye . . . . and won ! ( for context odisha is one of the poorest states in india and cyclone fani is the strongest cyclone to strike india since 1999 , with wind speeds upto 130 mph . )
langur become a student of a school in india
elderly couple mark 70 years together with special photo shoot
a 7 eleven owner caught a teen thief . instead of calling 911 , he asked him why
man kept all the baseballs that landed in his yard , before forgiving the slugger who launched them
canadian mounties rescued a 71 year old pilot , named happy , after a bathroom break left him stranded
federal court rules on climate change in favor of today ' s children
uk man ' free ' of hiv with new stem cells
an amazing story about my italian immigrant grandmother who was reunited with a 10 year old boy she watched over during their journey to america 60 years later
muslims are fundraising for a vandalized jewish cemetery
walmart cashier paints the nails of a woman with cerebral palsy after the woman was refused service at the nail salon .
[morbid , but uplifting , right ? ] a suspected big cat poacher has been eaten by lions near the kruger national park in south africa , police say .
air force aircrew member pens award winning fantasy novel while deployed
fifth grade teacher encourages students with notes written on desks
dogs join their owners on an end of season swim at pool
teen takes mom to prom , " my mom had me at 17 , so she didnt get to experience prom
how this once homeless entrepreneur closed deals with wal mart , ups &amp; p&amp;g
' privileged should try and create a better world ' : second richest man in india gives $7 . 5 billion to his charitable foundation
new law in effect jan . 1 targets possible chicago ticket quotas
facial recognition is now reuniting pets and owners
the panchatantra: the ancient viral memes still with us
coca cola , pepsico finally cut ties with prominent plastic lobbying group
94 year old grandma still hits the gym at least 5 days a week , inspiration for others
chef gary usher offered a homeless man work but now what ? when top chef gary usher left his manchester restaurant last week after a shift , he didn ' t know he was about to have a conversation that would change someone ' s life .
watch this veterinarian croon elvis to a nervous dog and have your heart melted
countries agree to phase out hfcs , preventing up to 0 . 5c of global warming by centuries ' end
family to be reunited with child captured by isis over 3 years ago
these married tech billionaires donated $165 million to preserve a pristine stretch of california ' s coastline
the election commission of pakistan had cancelled the results of the july 25 elections in shangla owing to poor turnout of women . of the 86 , 698 women only 3 , 505 women voted in the restive , mountainous yet conservative district of the province . this was less than the 10 per cent of the total votes
teen saves mom ' s life thanks to science lesson on strokes
how a womens search for family saved her cousins life
university of chicago tells incoming freshmen it does not support ' trigger warnings ' or ' safe spaces '
blind dog found after she was missing for a week , carried home by man that found her .
video: the cape breton boy that wouldnt say i cant | cape breton post
garbage collectors open library with abandoned books .
drought hit cape town rejoices at rain
8 year old girl on a mission to hug police officers all across the us
the force is with everett; social media helps brings in star wars kraft dinner for autistic boy
dog caught riding neighbour ' s one eyed pony in the middle of the night
meet the homeless prom queen who finished high school two years early while working 25 hours a week and won a full scholarship to university
ceo launches program to pay for employees weddings . already pays double minimum wage and college tuition for their children . wants to help them through hardship because he remembers growing up poor with his sister and feels grateful that he is in a position where he can help others .
obama just signed a bill for international religious freedom
one hundred year old pat is smiling again five days after attack by gang of thugs
thai officials rescue obese monkey ' uncle fat ' to help him lose weight
the woman with 200 kids
southwest airlines crew sing ' happy birthday ' to 101 year old wwii veteran
remember that guy who broke up a fight between two youths ? he was honored for it by his city .
up center program aims to prevent hampton roads dads from returning to jail
massachusetts trooper shares meal with panhandling homeless mom of four instead of citing her
retired nba player doesn ' t want to be known for basketball , instead wants to be known for is bringing solar power and jobs to low income neighborhoods . jobs he offers start at $15 23/hr and his company provides free solar energy .
federal budget: half a billion dollars for the great barrier reef . the turnbull government will deliver the largest single environmental protection package in australian history by committing half a billion dollars to protect the great barrier reef from climate change and pollution .
saudi arabia gives women the right to a copy of their marriage contract | world news
marines had to act to save senior citizens from a burning blaze
meet the lady who buys feminine products for homeless women
kaleshwaram project: world ' s largest multi stage lift irrigation project inaugurated in telangana | hyderabad news times of india
two musicians played the theme from star wars outside john williams house , and he popped out to meet them
service dog gets his own class picture in school yearbook
two years after a puppy was stolen in florida , it was found abandoned in colorado and returned to its family thanks to the pet ' s microchip id .
for the first time , mathematics ' most prestigious prize has been awarded to a woman , karen uhlenbeck
nadia nadim , the denmark international who escaped the taliban to become a true football trailblazer
the janitor felt invisible to georgetown students until one changed his life
little girl thinks prom bound teen is actual princess
90 year old ' candyman ' makes days sweeter at baltimore hospital
beer giant anheuser busch inbev commits to 100 percent renewable energy
get him cards
former stray dogs hired as ball boys for a tenis tournament in brazil , more like ball good boys .
teenagers first words after his heart transplant will make you appreciate the small things
united airlines donates flights to reunite families separated at border
maggie gets first birthday party for her sweet 16
alaska bride surprised by her late son ' s heart recipient
beak fitness: new zealand develops roadside gym for endangered keas . conservationists want to stop the birds dubbed the worlds smartest parrot from wandering onto roads and begging humans for food .
robotic exoskeleton will help perth paraplegic man walk down the aisle
one mans mission to bring better ramen to the incarcerated
critically endangered new zealand kakapo population boosted by record number of chicks
ten year old nsw student with cerebral palsy elected school captain
a toy invented by a dad that helps teach vision impaired kids to read braille
man buys $540 in cookies so girl scouts can get out of cold weather
supermarket chain morrisons has introduced a weekly " quieter hour " for autistic shoppers who struggle with music and noise .
georgia trooper makes unexpected rescue at southwest atlanta dump site
arkansas state police troopers rescue escaped miniature cow , let her ride shotgun
couple who lost home in wildfire wins million dollar lotto
an amazonian parrot called freddy krueger has made headlines in brazil after managing to find its way back to the zoo from which it was stolen while recovering from a four year nightmare that saw it shot in a gun battle , abducted by armed thieves and bitten by a snake .
india wants to give half a billion people free health care
atlanta man returns money from armored truck spill .
major global economies are growing in sync for the first time in a decade .
in the past year alone , israel has donated over 360 tons of food and flour , 100 tons of clothes , 12 tons of shoes , as well as generators and mobile caravans to use as clinics or classrooms to syrian civilians
photo of deer hugging a firefighter near burns lake goes viral
deformed dog picasso ' s blue period is in the past
oldest man alive , holocaust survivor to finally get his bar mitzvah at 112 years old wwi was raging when he turned 13 in 1916 so he never had one
customers get free groceries from supermarket after registers crash
how rescue greyhounds became fashionable in barcelona finding homes for animals saved from execution used to be hard , but attitudes have changed
roger federer surprises kids at the children ' s hospital in basel
seven year old who wanted to raise 500 for hospital who saved her dad hits 100 , 000
hugh jackman saves children on bondi beach
baseball hall of famer ' s heart transplant beats with inspiration
for refusing to ' ignore or accept racial discrimination , ' amnesty international honors colin kaepernick with highest award
first ever test tube rhino embryo gives hope for functionally extinct species
when internet trolls told this record breaking teen explorer to ' make a sandwich , ' she did just that
california replacing 200 polluting diesel school buses with all electric buses
grandma accidentally invites stranger to thanksgiving dinner , says he can come anyways
man shields alabama deputy with umbrella during rainy funeral procession for fallen officer
couple returns $10 , 000 after finding cash in shopping cart at tractor supply in sennett
ontario city donates decommissioned fire fighting equipment to emergency workers in developing nations , largest donation of its kind in canada
ihop expects to serve more than 5 million free pancakes for charity
india sees 50% dip in malaria cases in 2018
criminal cop who killed laquan mcdonald and got a light sentence gets beaten up in prison .
meet the artist who photographed the world without leaving home | google
the chicago cubs win the world series for the first time in 108 years
st . johns county lifeguard rescues deer from storm
zeppelins stopped flying after the hindenburg disaster . now scientists want to bring them back .
duke university scientists have created a " lethal injection " for tumors that costs about $5 .
to help his grandmother stay hydrated , man creates water you can eat jelly drops that look like candy and appeal to people with dementia .
22 year old us beauty queen who has struggled over the years with eds now runs her own non profit eds support group called ' the zebra network ' .
north korea has freed three us citizens from prison
' we are putting out a damn paper tomorrow . ' capital gazette journalists defiant after deadly shooting
the wisdom collector: chris hadfield: space travel gives us a perspective of where we are*
i dont know about you , but this lifted my spirits !
bills fans thanking bengals ' andy dalton with donations to his foundation . many of the donations have been $17 , to mark the 17 seasons buffalo went without making the postseason .
officer saves child shot in night of violence
i saved them because im a superhero ! : 4 year old donates bone marrow to baby brothers
wilfried zaha makes substantial donation to support crystal palace ladies
large numbers of humpback whales have returned to nyc for the first time in a century seattlepi . com
coffee company raises money for water purifiers in indigenous communities
since this " swimming pool for peace " was built in distrito italia , a school located on the outskirts of san salvador which has one of the highest levels of crime and poverty in el salvador , school absenteeism has been cut in half .
meet california ' s self ordained " weed nuns , " who are on a mission to heal and empower women with their cannabis products
student engineers create bionic hands for a boy burned in a horrendous crash
after 40 years of effort , tanzania creates new protected area for endangered monkeys
a cyclone wont stop us: couple prove love is stronger than category 4 winds after wedding cancelled
miracle twins ben and emma born at 23 weeks mark their ninth birthday against the all odds
franklin county man develops oil burner that runs on vegetable oil
let ' s give some praise to h . e . b . for quickly being there in our texan time of need .
hawaii has the nation ' s highest rate of homeless per capita and more than half of the homeless live on the streets . to try to address that problem , legislators have a unique solution: paying the homeless to live in shelters .
global trade in baby elephants for zoos banned
massachusetts police officer saves suicidal man ' s life , successfully talks him down from jumping off bridge
high school senior to graduate early so terminally ill father may attend
a jimmy john ' s driver delivered an ailing man who dialed the wrong number to the emergency room
kkk denied permit to burn cross atop symbolic mountain in georgia
investigators say no sign of cruelty in kennel of former iditarod champ
down syndrome didnt stop this man from growing a $4m sock company with his dad
85 year old widower successfully finds 22 year old mate to fish with .
boy abandoned in japan for being naughty found alive , unharmed
this made me happy to see all their faces
nasa study: mass gains of antarctic ice sheet greater than losses | nasa
woman raising money to send local legend with down syndrome on disney cruise ! !
the bees living on notre dame ' s roof survived the fire
retired teacher brings passion for math to youtube
a cosmetology program exclusively for inmates may give prison education a much needed makeover
marc benioff gives $30 million to ucsf for research to solve homelessness
why rain can make the sunrise and sunset burn more brightly
germany just shut down its last fur farm
bbc world service the food chain , seeds , syrup and subversion , the ' gangsta ' gardener of la
he was the only student in his whole school to walkout , but millions on social media showed him he ' s not alone .
vets in california help paralyzed dog walk again
111 year old texan , the oldest living u . s . veteran , takes his first trip on a private jet
firefighters feed fish after family forced to evacuate due to fire
rotary and polio: eradication effort close to success
france becomes first country in europe to ban all five pesticides killing bees .
former shelter dog pictured snuggling with new owner
professor hired mercenaries to rescue student from isis in iraq after he said he wouldn ' t finish his thesis ( and they succeeded ) .
doting boyfriend shaves head for girlfriend ( 23 ) with cancer
industry veterans launch brand new b . c . music festival
galapagos tortoise fathers 800 , saves species
hi tech gadget will be used to relieve severe headaches under raft of new nhs treatments
a mechanic who was elbow deep in a car engine ran out of his shop in an instant when his phone notified him that a nearby infant needed cpr .
hundreds of nuns trained in kung fu are biking the himalayas to oppose human trafficking
grandmother sue percival ' s stolen presents replaced; ms . percival has thanked well wishers who have saved her family ' s christmas after a burglar stole 900 in presents bbc news
good lads . . seems they are raising themselves ? ?
beautiful survivor: bethanie dela cruz
high school football coach suspends all 80 of his players after they bully student
5 year old ohio girl raises $3 , 660 for wounded veterans with 4th of july lemonade stand
hospital overwhelmed us with kindness . man waiting for heart transplant gets to attend daughters wedding: staff at peter munk cardiac centre transformed atrium into a grand winter themed wedding hall .
a year without money and consumption: mission possible
monkey justice ! thief tries to steal squirrel monkeys , gets beaten up by them instead
the animal behind the teddys bear inspired by president theodore roosevelt , has rebounded enough to pull it off the endangered species list
alex trebeck is an amazing guy
11 year old starts ' books n bros ' reading club to promote literacy among his peers
this ironman swam 2 . 4 miles , cycled 112 miles and ran a marathon then proposed to his girlfriend
chris brown arrested on allegations of rape
update: boy who crept into his neighbor ' s to pet a dog now has his own
maine house approves state wide plastic bag ban
homeless man lands a job after police officer tony carlson helped him repair his razor and helped to shave his beard for a job interview .
this yemeni artist is turning photos of war into images of peace and love
a man goes to disney world looking for a kidney . he finds one .
shaun white eyes another olympic medal in skateboarding: ' i ' m not done '
university of maryland receives historic $220 , 000 , 000 gift for more scholarship , fellowships , and new facilities
mohammad gulab , the afghan elder who saved navy seal marcus luttrell has been granted asylum in the us
a trashy alternative fuel is emerging deep inside coal country
good things happening to good people . . .
remarkable dog awarded animal obe for being owner ' s ' lifeline '
seven eleven , lawson to discount foods close to expiry to cut waste .
australian doctors put smile on face of cambodian farmer after surgery to remove huge tumour [warning graphic images]
30 strangers attend woman ' s funeral after online plea
adorable disabled rescue dog loves its wheelchair
homeless man is reunited with lost daughter after 20 years thanks to facebook .
singapore paralympians immortalised as lego figurines
in the dark of night , local crocheter leaves her warm scarves for the homeless and others in need
the number of countries that have outlawed corporal punishment of children has increased from 1 to 50 over the last four decades .
locals honor restaurant owner who risked life to save woman from burning car
autistic boy receives 20 , 000 birthday cards after mother ' s public appeal
apparently , humans being bros is possible .
breast cancer: test means fewer women will need chemotherapy about 70% of women with the most common form of early stage breast cancer can be spared the " agony of chemotherapy " , researchers say .
woman uses lottery winnings to buy motel room for homeless man on night with subzero temps
india heading to 20 gw of installed solar capacity by the end of this financial year
the co op is to end last minute sales of fresh produce to reduce the volume of edible food going to waste in its stores every day . retailer will give fresh produce to community groups two hours before stores close .
man finds wedding cash on ny road , returns it to newlyweds
actor who lost both arms in fire , returns to the stage in toronto
one direction reportedly breaking up for good . ( xpost /r/music )
mosque opens doors for parents waiting outside while their kids write exam
dallas shelters fill to capacity , supplies turned away as generosity overflows
five ducklings rescued from a storm drain while mom paces nearby | cbc news
woman loses her way home , but finds much more
social worker known for being extremely frugal left surprise $11m estate to children ' s charities to help the poor , sick , disabled and abandoned .
uplifting switcharoo ! runaway girl found hours later " kidnapper " was simple guy that took her to mcdonalds , his job , dunkins . even the cops and guards knew a mistake was made .
syria signs paris climate agreement: report
ocasio cortez and ted cruz actually agree on lobbying reform
' fierce but friendly stray dog an assistant coach in paraguay
japan to pay travel costs for nuclear attack storytellers: the japanese government will fund from april the travel costs of storytellers , both within japan and abroad , who will share the testimonies given by ageing victims of americas nuclear attacks on hiroshima and nagasaki .
zelda fan sends nintendo heartbreaking letter , receives care package
argentina stolen baby reunited with relatives 40 years on
elon musk arrives in thailand with kid sized submarine as divers race to beat rain ahead of next rescue .
in a mumbai slum , an acting coach helps children chase bollywood dreams
pop star kesha releases first single after label dispute
so today , as first minister of scotland , i am declaring that there is a climate emergency . and scotland will live up to our responsibility to tackle it . " | scottish first minister nicola sturgeon has declared a " climate emergency " in her speech
new therapy turns cancer cells into fat to stop it from spreading
marshall county , kentucky , school shooting survivors return to field
new jersey firefighters rescue a dog that was trapped in a well for four days
trumps prison plan to release thousands of inmates
in hopes of improving public safety in the dominican republic , the town of johnston donated two fire trucks and two inflatable boats to the island nation in a ceremony friday .
man removes nazi swastika tattoos after unlikely friendship
recovered florida keys sea turtle released into ocean
georgia firefighter caught on video catching child from apartment blaze
a beer a day helps prevent stroke and heart disease , new study suggests
endangered uk plants brought back from brink of extinction by driving a 5 tonne tractor over them
sean kirst: a lesson for the world in a paper at the door
us inmates stage nationwide prison labor strike over ' modern slavery '
pepsico to sell water in aluminum cans under plans to reduce 8 , 000 tons of virgin plastic use
a hidden talent: chippewa falls native donates hundreds of handmade toys to jason ' s presents
in stockholm , blood donors get a text when theyve saved a life
9 year old boy ' s music video explaining his autism goes viral
a brave dog named pete died saving his owners from a black bear
the man who studies the spread of ignorance
philadelphias homeless are finding new hope thanks to this organization
prematurely born hippo gives emotional boost to zoo where harambe was killed
rescue dog to super dog trains shelter pups to become service dogs
new york just became the first state to ban cat declawing
meet mick , the worlds oldest rabbit who is 16 years old
middleburg heights ( oh ) photographer organizes princess photo shoot for 14 year old with brain cancer
nasa sees record number of people apply to become astronauts
skywalking in stockholm: urban design proposal calls for pedetrian and cycling bridges to span green roofs throughout downtown , turning individual rooftops into a network of public sky parks
for the first time in tasmania , a council has used thousands of recycled glass bottles and plastic bags to build a road south of hobart a stretch of road uses an additive made up of 530 , 000 plastic bags , 168 , 000 glass bottle equivalents and toner from 12 , 500 cartridges in each kilometre .
u . s . border agents rescue canadians in ontario house fire
16 assyrian christian hostages released by isis
new food truck brings soul , hope to louisville ' s homeless
15 year old victim of human trafficking rescued during undercover police operation
she was fired for an anti muslim tirade toward 3 somali women . now , they plan to help her get re hired
amazing survival story: suddenly paralyzed vancouver man uses chin , tongue to call for help
an app to help people with alopecia connect and find new friends
toronto bus driver retires after 42 years , emotional last day on the job .
waffle house waitress gets $16k scholarship after act of kindness goes viral
female prison inmates are helping to save endangered butterfly species from behind prison walls
' i could ' ve been a really angry person ' how thalidomide survivor and artist trish jackson teaches kids resilience .
[crosspost] graph shows population in poverty declining over last 195 years ( more rapid in recent years )
canadian police officer allows kids to ambush his partner with nerf guns .
employees surprise ceo who gave $70k minimum wage , with a $70k tesla
' keep them well ' : new cystic fibrosis medications move closer to a cure
local fire department saves 3 dogs and 2 cats from a house fire .
london muslims donate 10 tonnes of food for homeless at christmas
forage friendly barge full of growing food will travel around new york city this summer , stopping in food deserts and letting people pick free produce right from its plants
couple raises over $300k for homeless veteran who gave his last $20 to a woman who ran out of gas
ny woman missing since ' 75 found alive in massachusetts
sometimes life is like a cartoon
feature: ethiopians set to rewrite history by planting 200 mln seedlings a day xinhua
dog reunited with owner after 8 month , 175 mile journey
school surprises beloved custodian after losing car in crash
palm beach county man goes door to door to help residents ahead of hurricane irma
school use clowns to calm 1st grader entering school for the first time
new medicine could vaccinate plants against devastating viruses
woman , 82 , tracks down and meets 96 year old birth mother
girl with cerebral palsy , four , is delighted when she walks on her own for first time
7 girls with down syndrome shine as models for online clothing store
egypt to lead solar energy projects in 7 african countries | the north africa post
nfl player logan ryan surprises his brother by paying off his student loans
vancouver detective goes undercover as wheelchair bound to catch handicap abusers .
woman has touching reunion with officer who saved her life
hong kong lawmakers have given final approval to a government proposal banning local ivory trading in the chinese territory by 2021 . . . which researchers say is the worlds biggest retail ivory market .
mall santa eases nerves of boy with autism by playing on the floor with him
dog rescued from smoking suv; cpr and oxygen administered
10 year old girl makes amazing 999 call saving mum ' s life after she started suffering a fit
in recognition of the states two official languages , the university of hawaiis 10 campuses will begin issuing their graduates two diplomasone in english and one in hawaiianduring the 201718 academic year .
appetite suppressant products
90 year old woman comes back after 74 years to get her college degree
kenguru , the world ' s only electric car designed for wheelchair bound drivers .
no more cages: new animal cracker packaging sets the mighty beasts free
squirrel saved by alberta tooth fairy
police officer punches his way through icy pond to rescue 8 year old on christmas
' ma ' am , you look like your having a bad day , can i give you a hug ? ' the moment a quick thinking bus driver saves a woman about to commit suicide
kenya census to count intersex citizens
new zealand girl couldn ' t afford a horse , trains up a cow instead .
pregnant pig escapes slaughter , has 9 piglets at shelter
nazi world war ii prisoner of war donates 400 , 000 to tiny scottish village where he was held because he was treated with kindness and generosity
robert downey jr . , chris evans , and gwyneth paltrow visit fan battling cancer .
adopted boy works all summer to buy gravestone for his biological father
in a significant public health victory , mexico has succeeded in eliminating a disease which is the leading cause of blindness worldwide .
michigan miracle lady starts breathing moments after plug is pulled on life support
university in london bans beef to help fight climate change
man with cane rescues bus driver from attack
meet the man who turns shipping containers into homes for homeless people
minnesota couple drop $500 , 000 check into salvation army bucket
world ' s oldest living man with down ' s syndrome celebrates 76th birthday
prom dress giveaway helps more than 80 girls , many of which are homeless
stories of first generation students to complete college
white supremacist forum site stormfront seized by domain hosts
surgeons patch up patient ' s beloved stuffed animal
1 , 800 miners caught underground in south africa now freed .
elementary school students and facility line up to shave their hair off to support classmate recovering from cancer so she doesn ' t feel alone
paralysed man to walk london marathon wearing exoskeleton suit .
geneva woman saves life of man in aurora resale shop
cellular agriculture has potential to massively reduce suffering by replacing meat industry products
george the goldfish gets a tumour removed and survives surgery
hero dogo that saved a 9 year old from his mother drowning him was impounded , but is now back at home with his family
following the trend set by billionaires warren buffet and bill gates
tesco to give all unsold food to charity after finalising deal
firefighters revive dog pulled from california fire in mouth to snout rescue
india to provide free healthcare to half a billion citizens
ubisoft offers assassin ' s creed unity for free so you can see notre dame cathedral
youtube just demonetized anti vax channels .
iowa carpenter died a secret millionaire , willed his fortune to sending 33 strangers to college
a korean war vet ' s family couldn ' t attend his funeral . so thousands of strangers turned up
tommy hagan , who faced more than a decade of physical abuse at his care home , is completing his childhood bucket list at 81 years old .
firefighters who fought blaze at grenfell tower to get free holidays
popular youtuber pewdiepie has been receiving tons of attention from the internet community on his subscriber battle with indian production company t series . he is now using this attention to get people to donate to a charity to help children in poverty in india .
texas man becomes oldest living kidney donor by helping neighbor
a new zealand firm that let its employees work four days a week while being paid for five says the experiment was so successful that it hoped to make the change permanent .
chesterfield police officers stop to play basketball with children
good samaritans help crash victims on i 75
largest marine protected area in atlantic ocean will soon be official
muslim farmers build church for christian neighbors
prince william tells grieving little girl: i lost my mummy . . . too
pensioner cut off by hydro overwhelmed by kindness of strangers
a blind high school running back in phoenix scored a touchdown this month after the other teams defense let him run it in . but he wanted to score for real , or not score at all . so over the weekend , another team played him straight up , and he scored two legit touchdowns . . .
a friendly 89 year old chicago man who has sold popsicles for a living is given over $300 , 000 through gofundme to support his family after his daughter died and wife fell ill .
golden eagle numbers [in scotland] close to ' historic ' levels bbc news
j . k . rowling lost her billionaire status because she donated so much of her money to charity .
saudi cleaner was mocked for looking at jewellery , but he had the last laugh
dogs separated at adoption randomly reunite in seattle
afghanistan vet lost his leg . now he and his family will get a free , custom built house .
quadruplets 18 yrs later , graduating from high school
theresa may launches probe to uncover ' difficult truths ' about racial inequality in public services
dutch police officers and electronics store sponsor television for handicapped girl , after hers was stolen during a burglary .
anonymous donor pays off walmart layaway gifts for 200 families
kinder foundation donates $70m to speed up memorial park plan
migrant who made daring rescue of child starts new job as firefighter
a loggerhead sea turtle was rescued by the south carolina united turtle enthusiasts group monday afternoon in litchfield .
mrs claus katy perry surprises sick la kids
woman praised for removing hijab during iran protests
don ' t call me a ' dwarf ' : actress kiruna stamell changing expectations one role at a time
dog excitedly greets owner after 9 month deployment
use on demand demand delivery services like prime now to help people in need you pass on the street
classmates remember windsor grad who died a hero in calif . shooting
man paralysed from waist down since 2013 makes history by walking again using mind controlled implant to power his legs . doctors implanted a remote controlled electrode in his back to stimulate surviving nerves in the patients spinal cord , as reported in nature medicine .
milwaukee fire department implemented a mobile health care unit to assist their chronic callers . 911 calls from those 100 people dropped by 62% in two years .
colorado joins paris climate agreement
homeless hitchhiker rescued by passerby , fed by trooper , offered warmth in sheriff ' s office
watt ' s relief effort hits $15m , sets $20m goal
as the proud daughter of a brave stoneman douglas teacher ( featured in this article ) &amp; a former student , i want douglas to be defined by and remembered for its incredible teachers &amp; students . this article came out just two months ago .
how open source seed producers from the us to india are changing global food production
governors make unusual super bowl bet on own teams
she jumped off a bridge , then two wichita officers followed her into river
teenager given 1% recovery chance after ski accident gets seven as in exams
mlb umpire pulls woman from edge of roberto clemente bridge in pittsburgh
this greedy little fish can make the lives of people with type two diabetes much easier
amber heard donates divorce settlement to charity
3 legged dog would cringe when people approached him , but he s made a remarkable transformation
obama honors code pioneers grace hopper and margaret hamilton they helped develop the first programming language , compilers , open architecture , error correction and more .
portland elementary school bans homework
elderly couple reunited after forced to live apart for months
martin shkreli has been convicted of securities fraud and now faces years in prison
' bone eaters ' are back: europe ' s largest vultures return to french alps europe ' s largest vultures nicknamed " bone eaters " whom legend has it used to kidnap old ladies , can be seen soaring high over the french alps once again after disappearing from the region in the early 20th century .
a restaurant in wainiha has been providing free meals to residents and visitors stranded on kauai ' s north shore since day one of a historic flooding disaster that began earlier this month .
puppy brings laughter to little girl with brain cancer
dana white: ufc donating $1 million to vegas shooting victims
maryland house passes bill requiring 7 days of paid sick leave annually
honest cabbie gets job offer in australia , scholarships for children
church to host ' drag queen story time ' after city cancels library event
for the first time in california history , a bear who injured a person will avoid euthanasia , and live on in a zoo .
florence sings ' dog days ' for a sick girl in hospital
tel aviv city hall to display egyptian flag following cairo attack
cat lost in yukon is returned to his family , which moved from alaska to new mexico
soccer player subbed for son ' s birth after scoring twice
' pimp my zimmer ' project reduces falls in old people ' s homes
stunning rare albino orangutan rescued from captivity in indonesia
australian couple decide to give away free land to others struggling to buy a home
exiled by the taliban , karate black belt meena trains asylum seeker children in jakarta
crab shells could become the ' plastic ' of the future
husband surprises wife with bedroom makeover while she ' s away
thought to be extinct for almost eight decades , a rare orchid in the ogasawara island chain south of tokyo is blooming again at a botanical garden here to the amazement of botanists .
a 3 year infertility struggle ends with two baby sisters born 5 weeks apart across the country from each other .
university of memphis to offer free tuition for spouses , children of fallen soldiers
volunteer donates more than 7 , 000 hours to seniors
this young woman had surgery for a rare facial condition her transformation is amazing
muslims welcome a man who drunkenly shot at their mosque
huge cleanup of the great pacific garbage patch .
oreo o ' s are finally back ! ! !
a brave texas teacher races a tornado to warn parents waiting in a carpool line for their children to take cover immediately
new york state trooper tracked missing teen girl to an oklahoma religious cult
' pile of puppies ' aims to bring joy to seriously ill children
teen has vaccinations after asking reddit
right wing australian politician who blamed muslims for christchurch mosque attack loses seat
oregon gov . kate brown signs nations first statewide rent control law
job offers come rolling in for former prisoner who missed job interview to save car crash victim
woman , dog rescued from car stuck in creek for 8 hours after crash
strangers drive for hours to help st . louis homeless woman after plea goes viral
u . s . adds more jobs than forecast in august as wage growth surges
scrapped virginia bridge hauled across country to help nebraska county with flood recovery
flight attendant adopts stray dog half a world away
woman offers to donate kidney to man she ' s never met
elderly couple die side by side on same day after 77 years together
sleigh bells and santa provides gifts to children of deceased truckers: land line magazine
each morning , bus driver braids hair for girl whose mother died
following the debt purchase by john oliver , why not buy someone else ' s debt for pennies on the dollar ?
facebook , apple , youtube and spotify ban infowars ' alex jones
91 year old law making it illegal to dance in almost all of new york citys bars is going to be put up for vote by the city council to repeal the law . it needs 26 votes
body shop owner inspired to help mother after kayak paddle impales suv
how artisan jewelry is saving womens lives in rwanda
loyal dogs refuse to leave injured owner ' s side
amazing read for when you need to reignite your passion or need to find your passion .
woman on nashville flight left sobbing by stranger ' s kind acts for elderly woman
a humble chef with his street food stall won a michelin star
til that americans give more charitable donations than any other nation
governor general awards medal of order of australia to connie johnson in hospice bed
atlanta hawks will pay for wedding of couple who met at ' swipe right night '
indian federal government allows transgender people to use public toilets of their choice
florida woman , 42 , nabbed after brazen crustacean heist at red lobster
homeless man in new haven who returned $10 , 000 check rewarded with cash , a home , and a job interview
for rateb , who fled syria at 14 , victoria job comes with a mom
american airlines dedicates boeing 777 to 91 year old mechanic for 75 years of service
smallest hospital providing obstetric care in california is committed to keeping the vital service
research holds promise for future clinical therapies to slow aging
avid fly fisherman shares the sports peace of mind with veterans
ethiopia just set an epic world record . these are the 4 powerful takeaways
cat astrophic rescue .
first human trials for hiv vaccine begin
i ' m going to destroy the language barrier between deaf and hearing while using snapchat at meowchickenfish
father , son drive through hell to escape a fire . a burning tree blocked the road .
blind son sees mom for the first time , calls her pretty
' fearless ' police dog wins award for catching knife wielding robber
man gets pulled over on his way to a job interview , but the officer gave him a ride instead of a ticket
the attorney fighting revenge porn
the s . c . supreme court has sided with environmentalists in their long running fight to close barnwell countys low level nuclear waste dump , which has leaked radioactive material into groundwater ! !
world wishes hallee a happy birthday after no one joined for her 18th birthday party 30 , 000 cards and packages so far !
brisbane mum seeks second hand handbags for domestic violence survivors as part of christmas appeal
woman searching for owners of lost wedding photos on sd card found in nyc
with open arms , mounties help refugees who walked across the canadian border
man jumps into river fully clothed to save drowning kid , casually walks home soaking wet in the freezing cold
the u . s . leads all countries in reducing carbon emissions
[xpost] the girl who stole money from the uber tip jar has been found
a strangers kindness in a time of need
ethiopia and eritrea have been in conflict for 20 years . today , their leaders hugged
lord bates quits as government minister after arriving late
cute animals to cuddle: animal assisted therapy at st . elisabeth convent
high school students ' good deed spurs $10 , 000 donation from former homeless man
5 year old rescues her grandmother from home fire
us envoy to return to afghanistan , qatar for peace talks
how a group of teenagers convinced the utah legislature to recognize climate change
libertie ! french workers win legal right to avoid checking work email out of hours
the british island at the edge of the world
' this is my america ! ' : taoist man takes photo of jewish couple sitting next to muslim mother and child
shoes that grow: guy invents sandals thatll grow 5 sizes in 5 years to help millions of poor children
11 marsican bear cubs have been observed in 2018 in the abruzzo national park . for the third year in a row , the number of newborns of one of the world ' s rarest bears reaches double digits .
mom with disabled daughter is surprised with car after falling victim to craigslist scam
dog ' s mystery illness solved by intern man ' s best friend gets a second chance at life; thanks to an intern
macron offers refuge in france to u . s . scientists , entrepreneurs
scientists grow full sized , beating human hearts from stem cells
corals , sponges , underwater canyons get new protections off u . s . west coast
miley cyrus moved to tears as little girl sings to her from hospital bed
qantas pilot uses intercom to propose to unsuspecting girlfriend
india is now home to 2 , 967 tigers , numbers up by 741 in fourth cycle
dog sneaks out of kennel at night to comfort crying puppies
david ortiz fulfills promise to hit home run for cheyenne boy
town fights to turn retail tide at a little mall that might
men in the netherlands from different walks of life held hands in solidarity after a gay couple was attacked
man attempts mission to eat food from every country in the world without leaving nyc and does surprisingly well
millions of muslims take part in mass pilgrimage of arbaeen in spite of isis
fisherman ' s dog the fell overboard found on an island 5 weeks later
mourners dress as superheroes at funeral for 6 year old school shooting victim
myanmar pilot safely lands plane on its nose after landing gear failure
ukraine shields gay rights parade from repeat of violence
teenager finds 7 . 44 carat diamond among rocks in arkansas park
hero coach jumps in front of bullets to shield students during florida mass shooting
dying woman picks road trip over chemotherapy
after more than 40 years , germantown crossing guard retires
after suffering the loss of two babies , 25 year old californian mom has donated more than 175 pounds of breast milk to help other families .
after serving the city of mississauga from 1978 to 2014 , 97 year old " hurricane " hazel mccallion has yet to retire as she has a new job with the provincial government of ontario .
after a stray dog followed them to the summit , they adopted her : )
utah reduced chronic homelessness by 91 percent
the most important climate treaty youve never heard of
tesla fulfils bucket list of dying man by delivering his model 3 early
a new hope for coral reefs: largest ever study of coral communities unlocks global solution to save reefs
man reunites with students who saved him from house fire
hyderabad man invents groundbreaking edible cutlery to combat the ill effects of plastic
sorority donates 17 , 000 meals to barry victims after canceling convention due to storm
nobody came to this 6 year old ' s birthday party either and an entire community threw her a second party .
see young lion yank tranquilizer dart out of lioness
the digital activist taking politicians out of madrid politics
a native american tribe will cover the costs of the funerals for all of the alabama tornado victims
the legal cannabis market predicted to triple in size by 2021 and see more revenue than the nfl . job growth this year: 20% . high ranking google and apple employees are leaving their jobs to launch cannabis focused startups . " the evolution or rollback of prohibition is inevitable .
jet . com will match all donations for giving tuesday for all charities on their website across the us .
a chef delivered free soup for nearly a year to a man with multiple sclerosis
jewish teens helped save man with swastika tattoo , police say . a boston college police officer said the unidentified students told him they don ' t regret helping the man despite his anti semitic tattoo
byu students help hospital bound kids play pokemon go
man plays piano to soothe ailing , blind elephants at sanctuary in thailand
eight year old girl sacrifices birthday to raise money for the homeless by doing a 5k run .
california cat found after being missing for 4 years , in canada
endangered indian rhino pregnant at zoo miami
valet staff at vcu massey cancer center recognized for their hard work yall mean more than just a job . . . . because when people are going through a rough time , just a smile , opening up a door . . . thats a really big deal to some people .
a kansas catholic school refused to admit the child of a same sex couple . more than 1 , 000 catholics signed a protest petition .
winnipeg yazidi refugee learns her 12 year old son is alive after rescue from isis
poodle found abandoned inside locked suitcase rescued
nc state ' s engineering campus is now home to nearly 150 thousand honey bees
japanese women push back against valentine ' s tradition of ' obligation chocolate '
the midwife who saved intersex babies
how simple ' blessing boxes ' are helping thousands in need
iowa businessman anthony marlowe buys canadian call centre weeks after it shut down and rehires 90 percent of old staff . ' happy tears ' : friday marks 1st payday for reopened sydney , ns call centre
seattle ' s first tiny house village for homeless to open this week
world down syndrome day: man with down syndrome honored for working 27 years at mcdonald ' s [atlanta , ga]
regus collects tech donations to boost skills for most vulnerable
custom cart allows dog with injured hind legs to walk
georgetown football player ty williams , paralyzed in 2015 , walks across graduation stage
14 year old thane boy fights off leopard , saves 7 year old cousin
watch: a crowd of 65 , 000 sings bohemian rhapsody perfectly while waiting for a green day concert
n . h . cat rescued after being frozen to icy pond
man makes girlfriend ' s dream come true by proposing to her in a trader joe ' s
companies become a major force in the clean energy market as purchases double
dogs give helping paw to students struggling to read
86 year old man learns to knit to make hats for premature babies
standing rock sioux protests victorious as us army denies dakota access pipeline permit
' hero ' dog senses 4 year old ' s blood sugar drop from miles away
bus driver is hailed a hero after saving 16 children from a burning school bus
boy scouts of america to admit girls starting next year
kindergarten class in texas starts every day with a meaningful handshake and a smile
australian people vote overwhelmingly in favor of same sex marriage
after eviction , neighbor buys elderly woman birthday gift of a lifetime
a former beekeeper smuggles hundreds of yazidi women to safety .
til that in light of the violence caused by kids trying to obtain limited jordans , hakeem olajuwon released a cheap , $15 shoe and try and end the appeal of expensive shoe wear , stating: how can a poor working mother with three boys buy nikes or reeboks that cost $120 ?
awesome games done quick 2017 raises $2 . 2 million for prevent cancer foundation .
a homeless man begs for money , gets a job instead
this 54 year old custodian just graduated from the college he cleaned at night
family leaves behind bill for $0 . 37 drink , waiter makes unexpected find
farmer gives away his harvest to feed hungry in his town
syrian bike mechanic hooks up canadians with free rides
travel agency thomas cook axes trips to theme parks where killer whales are kept captive
husband donates kidney to wife of 23 years: ' i felt like i won the lottery '
western australias state premier lends car , to get child to hospital . chucked them the keys and told them to go .
' oh mommy , you have my eyes ' : mother recounts being reunited with son 31 years after abduction
over the past seven years , ducks unlimited canada has conserved 650 , 000 acres of habitat , and positively influenced 96 million more acres . this is one of the most significant conservation achievements in history .
resident finds dog missing since suv was stolen in east atlanta
an ex marine deported to mexico 15 years ago is planning a reunion with his 3 sons in the us after winning back his permanent residency .
metalheads with kazoos drown out westboro baptist church at virginia capitol .
single use non biodegradable plastic , including bags and polystyrene takeaway containers , will be banned in vanuatu from january 31 , as the government tries to control a growing plastic waste problem .
father of woman who died in pulse nightclub attack forgives shooter
father of daughter with mcas walks 185 miles in 15 days with 15 dogs to raise money for charity
blind sheep finds his way with ' halo vest ' and a friend with a bell
this amazing coffee shop only employs people with disabilities
this cancer survivor ' s craigslist ad for ' compassionate roommate ' earns over 200 applicants .
heinz gives 42 , 000 employees paid day off instead of buying ad spot for the super bowl
unicef is looking to invest in tech that helps children in need
north and south korea try pingpong diplomacy by combining teams at world table tennis contest
anheuser busch halts beer production and sends water to hurricane harvey victims
popular belief that saturated fat clogs up arteries is a myth , experts say
india rules islamic practice of instant divorce ' unconstitutional ' in major victory for women ' s rights
alzheimers sufferer , 80 , rockets up the music charts with single
antarctica ' s getting the world ' s largest marine reserve :: travel :: news :: climate change :: paste
this 27 year old founder is helping sick children heal with video games
british homeowners build a new superhighway for hedgehogs
hundreds of men show up for dallas school ' s ' breakfast with dads ' event
mother and daughter reunited after 82 years
ugandan man becomes a lawyer to win family land back
florida armed bystander stops gunman at crowded back to school event at park , police say
wallet lost around 1950 finally returned to soldiers family
rapper 2 chainz turns ' drugs den ' into hiv clinic
girl with brain paralysis overcomes her condition , graduates in college and gets a job
veteran ' s missing ptsd service dog found after missing for 25 days
elderly woman anonymously knits 75 hats for children in need , wants no reward or recognition .
dwayne johnson hits the gym with nick santonastasso . a guy born missing both legs and one arm
out of the woods: connecticut police dog found safe after 36 hours in wilderness
the only city in california to solve veteran homelessness is on a mission to go bigger [riverside , ca]
last year , 120 million people gained access to electricity . that means that for the first time in history , the number of people without access is less than one billion .
norfolk southern gave free rail related training to nearly 2 , 000 first responders in 2016
these students provided a much needed antidote . in case you missed the iowa city headlines , about 3 , 000 ui students , all part of dance marathon , the largest student group at the university , raised a record $3 million in the past 12 months .
manson , 83 , dead .
australia echidnas: sydney zoo celebrates first puggle births in decades bbc news
emotional moment a boy is reunited with his missing dog
recreational therapy student dedicates her lifes work to helping veterans
microsoft founder gates commits $100 million for fund , start ups , to fight alzheimer ' s
wwii veteran awarded purple heart 72 years after he was wounded
siberian court orders company to compensate gay woman for job rejection , first court ruling of this kind in russia
6 million to benefit veterans charities
houstons own deadpool has been helping harvey victims
a wrestling giant crumbles in tears when his fans give him the ultimate gift
the boy whose commentary for his blind friend inspired his sporting heroes
gene cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dies at 82
blind woman helping heal sick guide horse
new jersey mandates panic buttons for hotel room cleaners
nuclear reactor for crewed outposts on mars and moon could be ready by 2022: this new nuclear reactor called the kilopower is a fission reactor and generates heat by splitting atoms into electricity through sterling engines
washington becomes first state to legalize human composting
german audience laughs after trump cabinet member ' s address cut off
a father has been reunited with his daughter after finding her at a homeless shelter two years after his former partner disappeared with their child .
garth brooks spots woman holding sign , after reading it he instantly walks off stage
winnipeg waitress gets $1k tip on $87 bill
water scooter hero rescues 120 residents from mabicho flood [japan]
indias emission intensity of gdp has reduced by 12 per cent between 2005 and 2010 , according to the countrys first biennial update report submitted at the crucial un climate summit recently
world ' s first ocean plastic cleaning machine set to tackle great pacific garbage patch
award for milwaukee bus driver who saved toddler wandering alone in freezing conditions
u . s . energy shakeup continues as solar capacity triples and for the first time in history , more electricity is produced using natural gas than with coal . that has helped to reduce greenhouse gas emissions because natural gas releases roughly half the carbon dioxide as coal .
california man rises from school janitor to district superintendent [byron school district near discovery bay , bay area]
construction crew finds rare triceratops fossil in thornton , colorado
celebrity dog picasso honored for overcoming tough odds
india ' s solar capacity at 28 gw at dec end: bridge to india report
toys r us cancels bankruptcy auction , plans to revive brand
nj athlete becomes an olympian after spending two weeks in a medically induced coma because surgical complications in april 2014 stopped his heart
family buys remaining shoes at arkansas payless to donate to those in need
costa rica has been powering itself with renewable energy for more than 100 days
calgarians support girls with rare muscular disease
home depot worker fired after encounter with ' racist ' customer is rehired
andy dalton saved the bills , and fans flocked to his charity
us marines come home to families at camp pendleton in oceanside , california
outpouring of support for woman with extreme commute to work
white supremacist rally near white house dwarfed by thousands of anti hate protesters
uk unveils 2050 net zero carbon target . the first major economy to do so
bjork is going to save the world
former buckeyes and wolverines team up to provide clean water in detroit
treasure hunter is being credited with finding a lost wedding ring that belongs to a florida couple .
humpback whales around the globe are mysteriously rescuing animals from orcas [x post from /r/science]
couple who met over a bin finally marry in their 80s bbc new
ukulele music got her through the worst of times and gave her the best day ever: a florida teenager battling a devastating condition had her special wish realized wednesday in kaneohe .
ups driver saw ' call 911 ' on package; helped free captive woman
chinese temple built tentage earlier than needed for muslim prayers on hari raya haji
sara hinesley , maryland girl born without hands , wins handwriting award
40 , 000 new zealanders come together to buy a stretch of beach and then donate it to the department of conservation
the charity which bakes cakes for kids on their birthday
watch chicago mans emotional reaction to finding out hes getting new lungs
2 year old tennessee boy saves illinois toddler ' s life , william heard ' s heart was donated to an 18 month old who was diagnosed with heart failure .
' we get our own beds ' : arkansas couple adopts 7 children ahead of christmas
river island ' s latest campaign includes kids with disabilities
united kingdom will phase out coal fired power plants by 2025
dark chocolate consumption reduces stress and inflammation data represent first human trials examining the impact of dark chocolate consumption on cognition and other brain functions
dentist from my hometown offering free dental care on sundays for people in need . what a sweetheart .
5 year old pint sized hero saves her blind grandmother from burning home
reporter rescues two dolphins while covering hurricane irma
southern california teen fighting cancer gets surprise visit from his favorite avengers stars
80 year old woman drives from south africa to buckingham palace to have tea with the queen
orlando wants to buy pulse nightclub , turn it into memorial
twin sisters separated at birth reunited
journey of hope is a cross country bicycle trek that begins in both san francisco and seattle , and concludes with three teams converging upon washington , d . c . , " according to abilityexperience . org
kiss of life saves cat trapped in washing machine
six year old girl takes care of paralyzed father after her mother abandoned them .
ikea bans all single use plastic from its stores and restaurants
read
arizona man loses hundreds of pounds by walking to walmart
afghan woman who took exam with baby on lap enrolled at private university
make a wish helps 7 year old jedi defeat darth vader
i dont know why a buddhist would be playing poker , but this one did and gave his winnings away .
firefighter does stair climbs fundraising money 7 years for american lung association to help his father with breathing problems . on year 8 . they are going to climb together .
google charmed by british grandmother who uses ' please ' and ' thank you ' in her google searches
oj simpson granted parole . eligible for release in october
song that is literally just birds chirping debuts at #11 on uk singles chart
89 year old woman graduates college and is now pursuing another degree
eco village movement flourishing across united states archives the good men project
male sea turtle hatchlings return to beaches despite climate change
college project helps man with als say ' i love you ' to his wife again
when richard branson ' s airline won $945 , 000 from a lawsuit , he gave it all to his employees
an 11 year old has become ' america ' s top young scientist ' for her sensor detecting lead in water
painting for peace: the young iraqi artist overcoming her disability in spite of having severe scoliosis this 16 year old has incredibly positive attitude , and lovely smile !
dallas library offers free prom dresses to teens
surprise ! mom delivers unexpected second baby
after speaking publicly about his battle with depression , nba player demar derozan receives book filled with messages of support , organised by users of r/torontoraptors .
heroic 20 year old rushed back into fire to save niece and two nephews .
slain detective ' s wife gives birth to his baby 2 years after his death
the halal restaurant helping build community in suburban detroit
new humble bundle gives 100% of its sales to charity . has already raised $27k for doctors without borders and other charities .
kindergartners deliver keep a baby warm boxes to newborns in need
cat abandoned for being too ugly , finally finds someone who saw his beauty
family finds qing dynasty vase worth $600 , 000 in attic shoebox
wolves are family ! an unbelievable story from the balkan .
veterinarian , orthopedic surgeon team up to save animals
bazooka bubble gum sticks to its word , awards prize for contest entry submitted 59 years late
these millennial entrepreneurs turned recycling glass into a profitable biz
elephant rescued from ocean by navy , 10 miles off sri lanka coast .
this is the world i want for her: father shares strangers act of kindness to little girl
teenage hero rescuestwo girls from overturned car in lake
recycling !
farmer jailed after leaving animals to rot in shocking conditions
the reddit connection that got me into college
how a nasty note from a neighbor helped bring out the best in humanity
orchestra delayed at airport perform for other passengers
ukraine hosts biggest ever gay pride parade
first laughs since syria: the clowns getting refugee children smiling . volunteers in europe and turkey are helping young people uprooted from their homes with everything from entertainment to education .
flight attendant shares story of saving trafficking victim
this woman is taking selfies with catcallers
report: man ejected from somali plane in midair was suicide bomber
hank the dog is returning home after a court ruling
long thought extinct , javan tiger may have been spotted in indonesia
dementia villages replicate small towns inside big boxes the structures " draw inspiration from the 1940s in other words: they are made to look like the same places the people living here grew up in . " main streets , green lawns , lamp posts , hardware stores all help the place feel like home .
rome cops cook pasta for lonely elderly couple
widower loses wedding ring at beach after wearing it for 56 years , couple who use metal detectors to recover lost items for people find and return it
teacher ' s last wish for backpacks at funeral inspires thousands
caring dog breaks out of kennel to comfort crying foster puppies
tennessee dad rocks tutu for his daughter ' s ballet class
infant cut out of mother during ' womb raider ' murder who was given low chance of survival now breathing on his own
a message to india from a lankan housing project: ' please tell them we said , thank you '
goya foods donates 1 million pounds of food to those impacted by hurricane maria
fiberglass statue of geoffrey the giraffe moved to children ' s hospital .
new york ' s oldest female biker club delivers breast milk to babies in need
chicago industrialist donates $25 million to bbyo to empower jewish young women and teens
waiter turns over $32 , 000 in cash left at applebees in california [x post /r/california]
baby born with heart outside body is home
canadian restaurant lets customers buy burgers for hungry strangers
pat manuel becomes the first male transgender boxer to fight professionally in the united states , winning in his historic professional debut
premature baby kept alive in sandwich bag after mother ' s silent labour , makes full recovery
nigeria ' s #bringbackourgirls campaign celebrates 21 returnees
as oil crashed , renewables attracted record $329 billion
shaggy ' s fishing team donates $30 , 000 to humane society of south mississippi
new maryland law aims to reduce demand for puppy mill dogs
nyu makes tuition free for all medical students
a group of canadians are handing out flowers to hijabi women after a hate crime in the area
endangered mountain gorilla population recovers to over 1 , 000
blindfolded muslim man offers free hugs to everyone in manchester as healing gesture
son remains his paralysed fatheras carer , even after going to college
man with asperger ' s dresses as superman in local parades for 26 years; village residents raise $36 , 500 to help when his rent gets hiked
indian doctor treats beggars for free
in show of solidarity with other communities , orthodox jews turn out to volunteer as shomrim ( watchers of the dead ) for conservative jewish victims , following synagogue shooting
artist gives sick kids awesome tattoos to make life in hospital more fun
missing dog from florida found safe over 1 , 000 miles away in massachusetts , returned to owner
chance the rapper rents out chicago theater to have free screenings of " get out
my parents . . . they do everything for their family , they will die for you . that ' s what they take pride in . " a real life my big fat greek wedding story
therapy dog gives birth to 8 puppies in a florida airport
3 year old girl saves her fathers life using facetime ! she doesnt even know the alphabet but when her dad collapsed , she facetimed her mom and showed her father , so her mom could call the neighbors and 911 !
fire department to adopt dog they rescued after it was thrown off a bridge and trapped on a ledge surrounded by water; make it their mascot
an indian tribe gave up hunting as source of livelihood to save forests
houston athletics to hold hurricane supply drive university of houston
food truck helps former inmates have a better future by giving them jobs
when no one else would believe the gymnasts about larry nassar , these reporters did
paralyzed 6 year old girl takes first steps
epa chief scott pruitt resigns amid ethics scandals
finland gives new parents a cardboard box with baby supplies that doubles as a bed resulting in the lowest infant mortality in the world
woman abandoned as infant uses dna test to find long lost family members
the story of a woman who " came out " about her hearing disability after decades hiding it
promoter charges $5 bags of food for entry to gig to help struggling food banks
u . s . makes $500 million grant to climate change fund: state department
celebrity footballer takes terminally ill schoolgirl to her prom ( which was held early )
20 . 000 people have donated to planned parenthood since the election . it ' s a pleasant bonus that they did it under mike pence ' s name [x post from /r/atheism]
man surprises girlfriend with marriage proposal tattoo he tricks her into inking on him
police want to find good samaritan who helped save police officer ' s life
the story behind lachlan , the tiger and how one child ' s battle with jmml is changing lives .
denver voters approve measure to decriminalize psychedelic mushrooms
a school in nigeria is accepting empty plastic bottles from parents and guardians in exchange for payment of their children ' s school fees .
baby flamingo fitted with handmade booties to keep his feet cool
south africa ' s president cyril ramaphosa has announced that he will be donating half of his salary to charity .
with help of volunteers , barrington cafe donates hundreds of thanksgiving meals
ottawa man trapped in house all winter by snow found alive
kim kardashian west paying 5 years rent for prisoner released from jail
150 children , including 50 from fort mcmurray , headed to disneyland on surprise trip
large numbers of activists in newcastle shut down coal loading operations
texas police ' s cool surprise for 95 year old ww2 veteran bbc news
tesla ' s new large energy storage project with 140 powerpacks is now live in belgium , balancing the european electrical grid 100 times faster than fossil fuel plants
marching band and confetti greet race ' s last place finisher
mother stabs rapist to death after catching him attacking her daughter
teen gets cochlear implants and hears her mom ' s voice for the first time .
young people are registering to vote in huge numbers , new study finds
a guy emailed 246 nicoles trying to find the one he met at a bar and now they ' re all friends
jason falconer: reluctant hero stopped mall attack @cnni
taylor swift donates $1 million to louisiana flood victims &amp; helps raise awareness of this tragedy
teen creates ' sit with us ' app for bullied kids
well , this is certainly uplifting !
dog missing for over 10 months reunited with owner in new hampshire
pizza store manager drives 450 miles to bring a pie to a man in hospice care
cat foils attempted burglary at olympia home
this israeli man left his job , came to india and transformed 70 acres of barren land into a forest
woman in jamaica returns atm cash and gets rewarded $1 . 2 million for her honesty
lost cat crosses the wasatch mountains to get home
what does bill gates carry around in his wallet ?
missing teen found 3 months after parents were murdered
women honored for knitting caps for little ones who need it most
holocaust survivor awarded honorary diploma by high school seniors
pen pals: president george hw bush secretly sponsored filipino boy for 10 years
got the wednesday blues ? here ' s how i proposed . .
maryland senate votes to end parental rights of rapists
homeless boy breaks down when he realises he ' s begging a " lady worse off than he " . lady and boy both go on to have their lives changed .
store in canton hopes to reduce waste
video shows woman , dog being rescued in louisiana flood
photographer offers free services to children with special needs
girl moved birthday party to nursing home so her grandmother wouldn ' t miss it
chile producing so much solar energy its giving electricity away for free
reshma qureshi: model , campaigner , and acid attack survivor to model in nyc
kal penn raises $50k for refugees in reaction to discriminatory slur
great change to legislature that allows donation of unused prescription medications to patients in need
cop helps spring pregnancy announcement surprise on clueless driver
my story: i am 83 years old , have been living happily on footpath since last 60 years
indianapolis man reunited with lost dog after 5 months
in opioid stricken w . virginia , where students lack basic necessities b/c of drug addicted parents , schools are fulfilling that role . in addition to increasing communication w/local law enforcement , the school has created a mentor program that pairs neglected kids w/role models they can trust .
wwii dog tags reunited with rightful family of veteran
kenya hosts worlds first albino beauty pageant: the competition , which drew a crowd of about 1 , 000 including deputy president william ruto , was designed to celebrate people with albinism who lack pigment in their skin , hair and eyes and challenge stigma and persecution
logan mayor donates salary to fund new library
canada ' s first skater cop hopes to inspire other police
meet molly , the first dog trained specifically to find and rescue lost cats .
gay penguin couple have been given an egg to look after at sea life sydney aquarium
not 36 24 36 , contestants at this pageant shared gender violence stats
brazil cut its carbon emissions from deforestation by 610 million tons last year , reaching its 2020 climate change targets three years ahead of schedule .
rikers inmates stop fellow prisoner who attacked female guard
pakistani province plants one billion trees to help slow down effects of global warming
as forest fires rage in ontario , 200 people turn up to volunteer and pack supplies for firefighters who are actively battling stubborn forest fires near parry sound
cancer stricken dog spoiled with wagon ride through town
man takes knee during national anthem at donald trump ' s white house ceremony
6 baby rhinos saved from being washed away by india floods
9 year old anaya lee willabus becomes the youngest published author in u . s . history to write a chapter book
nepal festival celebrates ' day of the dogs '
for 11 year old cobalt miner ziki , dreams do come true
38 year old bus driver makes college basketball team , gets to live his dream
found in guelph area , booboo the cat headed home to california
woman helps homeless man in wheelchair walk again
after becoming a pilot , guy flies grandmas &amp; grandpas of his village in their first flight ever
boy accused of assault with a weapon sentenced by judge to practise basketball 5 hours a week
another supporter for bangladesh protest , this time it is khalid al ameri
woman apologizes to sleeping homeless mcdonald ' s worker she shamed online
a 10 year old girl gives marketing advice to elon mask
trolley man " hero who helped take down melbourne knife terrorist was actually homeless . over $70 , 000 has been raised for him in gofundme page
detroit teen goes from homeless to college student with mentors helping
my fiance ' s sister has an instagram account where she posts all the weird stuff she finds in used books . recently , she found a handwritten poem from 1893 and tracked down the descendants from it ' s author . she even got covered in the local press ! thought you guys might think that was cool .
golden retriever service dog is trained to snuggle his owner ' s seizures away
ethiopia plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
shipwrecked sailors saved by spelling out ' help ' on beach
french billionaire francois henri pinault pledges 100 million ( $113 million ) to help rebuild the notre dame cathedral
love animals and hard work ? you could take over this smiths falls , ont . , farm a for free
japan and kenya: working together to avoid a mercury tragedy
this 95 year old holocaust survivor has a roommate shes a 31 year old granddaughter of nazis
western australian festival cancelled due to massive bush fire . festival goers offer to donate refunds to bushfire relief fund .
two conservative senators abstaining from pot vote because they stand to profit from it
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can be with sick wife
1067 parents hit with travel ban for not paying child support " if you can afford an overseas holiday , then you can afford to support your children .
' i was in tears on my knees looking for the wallet ' town rallies to raise $2k for family who lost savings after christmas
oxygen and hyperbaric oxygen therapy reverses brain damage in drowned toddler
pakistan has planted over a billion trees
' we need human interaction ' : meet the la man who walks people for a living
sometimes humans are really great . football team steps in to make sure boy with autism has a great bday party
uk carbon emissions drop to lowest level since 19th century , study finds
this 9 year old sent a letter to nasa claiming to be the guardian of the galaxy , and they answered him !
a filipino scientist made bioplastic out of mango and seaweed denxybel montinola even made sure the sustainable plastic alternative was water soluble .
kids sign happy birthday to their deaf custodian
former usa gymnastics team doctor larry nassar sentenced 60 years in prison for child pornography crimes .
indian businessman gifts 1 , 260 cars , 400 flats to employees !
former formula 1 driver alex zanardi won a paralympic gold medal on the eve of the 15 year anniversary of when he lost his legs in a motorsport crash
inspiring quotes displayed on the london underground after westminster attack
men who stopped train attack to star in clint eastwood film
little girl uses pokemon go to lure people to her fundraiser snack bar
university of maryland employee receives nations first gender neutral drivers license
lego to launch sustainable , plant based plastic pieces
back in the water: fukushima no go zone gets first surf shop since disaster . the opening of murohara surfboards is part of an attempt to revive the areas reputation as a surfing hotspot after nuclear meltdown .
maemo community raises almost 200% in their fundraiser to help one of their core developers replace his hardware after having it stolen .
paypal decided to leave turkey . as a result , people started to donate their paypal balances to children with leucemia . ( turkish source )
saginaw ' s breakfast of champions club donates footwear to kids in need
haryana ' s sex ratio improves to 900 girls per 1000 boys from 843 girls per 1000 boys .
the 82 chibok schoolgirls recently released by boko haram were reunited with their families saturday , the nigerian government says .
report: school violence , bullying down in us public schools
video shows armless basketball player , 13 , winning game with last second shot
vote to name jackson ' s newest peregrine falcons birdy mcbirdface ?
a stranger gave homeless single mom of 3 a second chance; now she ' s giving to others
bus boy ensures safe return of $3 , 000 left at grand junction diner
aussie pub burnt to the ground two years ago reopens after crowdfunding campaign
an anonymous man saved her son ' s life . now , the mom wants to find him and pay for his dry cleaning
i feel like there ' s not enough .
good samaritan saves man from burning dumpster
italy bans unvaccinated children from school
bicycle invented for boy with no hands or feet
arunachal pradesh governor bd mishra saves ' critical ' pregnant woman , takes her to hospital in his chopper
students help keep homeless families warm , one blanket at a time
saimaa seal population climbs to nearly 400
birmingham couple buys house for asylum seekers
india adds record 5 , 400mw wind power in 2016 17
police training institute challenges police recruits ' racial biases
orphaned quebec deer allowed to return to adoptive family
kenya plastic bag ban comes into force after years of delays
dog missing for 3 weeks rescued from b . c . cliff face by climbers
top economics student in singapore gave up ticket to the high life for minimum monthly allowances to make a difference for underprivileged children in khek noi , a village in thailand .
pitbull , mark cuban lend private planes to aid a devastated puerto rico
adulthood in the us has nothing to do with age anymore
93 year old wwii vet completes nearly 3 year run across america
anonymous donor pays tuition for entire university of houston college of medicine first class
assassins creed: unity will be used to help rebuild notre dame
dog lost at sea and presumed dead found alive on san clemente island 5 weeks
man saves stranger ' s life after a head on crash
a north carolina barbershop owner has raised enough money to erase the debts of more than a dozen high school seniors who risked not graduating if they didn ' t pay them off
a premier league club has offered part of its stadium as an emergency shelter for rough sleepers
belgian store is selling the worlds largest pickachu made out of lego bricks for charity ! ( english translation at bottom of page )
texas inmates pool commissary funds to donate $53g to hurricane harvey relief
combat veteran and his wife donate all their belongings to firefighters affected by california wildfires .
mueller investigating flynn in an alleged plan to deliver erdogan opponent to turkey
watch this baby ' s delighted reaction as he hears his parents ' voices for the first time
virtual reality isn ' t just for gamers; it is also for your health
hospital lets kids drive themselves to surgery in toy cars to help overcome fears
he found a purse with $8000 , credit cards , plane tickets . then he saw a crying woman
woman walks into north carolina humane society , asks for 2 dogs that had been there the longest
police carry pregnant woman six miles through the snow on their shoulders
inspiring others by telling my story , down 85+ lbs from 250 lbs .
libya seeks international support to tackle slave trade
it ' s catching on
patient plays saxophone while brain tumour removed
eminem will donate the $700 , 000 court damages from nz national party copyright infringement to hurricane harvey relief funds
family reunion after 38 years: a 76 year old vendor found his long lost family in a blissful twist of fate .
space bringing rivals together again , india/china set eyes on joint satellite constellation for brics to combat natural disasters and climate change
u . s . added 223 , 000 jobs in may; unemployment rate drops to 3 . 8%
maine becomes first state to ban styrofoam
update: womans cat that detects her seizures found one week after going missing in virginia beach
tim proves that you can always brighten people ' s days no matter what job you are doing .
a group of mostly elderly south koreans crossed into north korea monday to reunite with family members many haven ' t seen nor heard from since the korean war broke out 68 years ago
grandmother ( 107 ) finally fulfills dream to get high school diploma and graduates with class of 2017
remixes of lazytown songs on youtube have helped raise over $80k to help steven karl ( robbie rotten ) fight cancer .
artificial intelligence is often seen as a grave threat to our way of life , but when the moment comes , robots may be more interested in bickering with each other than in enslaving the human race .
high school kids invent device to assist disabled hospital workers
organizations are banding together to fight persistent poverty in rural areas
footage of sole survivor of amazon tribe emerges
baseball team lifts car to help stranded driver in nova scotia , canada
man loses more than 50 pounds playing a vr game
in twist of fate , ' horrific ' trucking accident saves horses destined for slaughter
pepsi machine reunited with owner 3 months after being found in new brunswick potato field
meowmaste: yoga with rescue cats takes off at shelter in georgia
deputy helps save tortoise wedged under car
beer salesman talks down man threatening to jump from st . paul i 94 overpass , gets him to safety
neighbours rally to buy house for 89 year old woman who had been evicted
a remarkable event in el salvador: a day without murder
us billionaire michael bloomberg pledged half a billion dollars on friday ( jun 7 ) to fight climate change , saying " our lives and our children ' s lives depend on it .
97 year old writes to her best friend every day for 77 years
over 60% of states currently have or are taking legislative steps to implement a statewide college promise program
four year old receives bravery award for 999 call after pregnant mother ' s fall
a northern irish schoolgirl who has become a global sensation for her cover of the leonard cohen classic hallelujah has said she " feels loved " knowing that her performance has been watched by thousands of people .
refugee surgeon munjed al muderis returns to iraq to help war victims get back on their feet
genetically engineering pigs to grow organs for people
special needs all star cheerleading team
olympian sells medal to help pay for child ' s cancer treatment
decentralized app , that feeds the hungry by delivering unwanted food from local caterers and restaurants , delivered its 1 , 000 meal in austin , texas
fund established to help alabama teen with down syndrome pay for college
new york city police officers pay $40 to save a baby goat who escaped from a slaughterhouse . " he deserved his freedom , " a cop said .
john cena and the wounded officer
hundreds of strangers came to el paso to honor one of the shooting victims after her husband invited the public
drowning bear cubs rescued by fishermen
jewish activists form protective barrier around muslims as they protest in front of trump tower
california inmates take part in new program helping care for seniors and seriously ill
john lunceford a school bus driver in kennewick , washington buys hats and gloves for his young passengers after finding a six year old boy so cold he was crying
wind turbines have no effect on eagles , study finds
the earths ozone hole is shrinking and is the smallest it has been since 1988
man suffering from cancer and his best friend seek to spread awareness of bone marrow donors and complete his bucket list .
the bureau of land management in utah refuses potential oil and gas drilling leases at zion national park
two lions rescued from neglected zoos in war zones in iraq and syria have been transported to south africa to live at a sanctuary with other animals that survived harsh conditions in captivity elsewhere in the world .
giant mural connects children in maine and iraq
metallica rocks hunger by collecting 9 tons of food for kids and animals in colombia
brain damaged violinist makes music for first time in 27 years with mind reading technology: " rosemary johnson had made music for the first time since suffering a devastating car crash in her 20s .
a single dad walked 11 miles to work every day until his co workers found out
what happens when you give a dog a home
' i ' m four days from being evicted: ' former raleigh wahlburgers employee responds to donnie wahlberg ' s promise of support
[in spanish] a poor blind girl wanted to trade her brand new cellphone for a guitar because she had no money . local man gifted her a guitar , a small amp and a microphone .
warriors ' hoops for kids program donates $450 , 000 to youth in the bay area
china ' s ice boy , the poor 8yo who became famous for turning up at school with icicles in his hair , now has a new home 10 mins from school and is thriving in class
in 2018 , 10 , 809 people died from natural disasters . adjusted for global population , it ' s the fourth lowest death rate in history ( the lowest years have all come since 2014 ) .
muslims already raised over $180k for the portland heroes !
syrian refugee , 16 , gets record exam grades and now plans to be a doctor
cleaner who was mocked online when he was spotted staring wistfully at gold chains in a saudi arabia jewellery shop is swamped with presents by well wishers
police officer had an accident while pregnant in november and got into a comma , her baby was born in december and she just woke up [spanish link]
baby born on paris suburban train gets free rides until 25
a little bit of justice for you : )
microsoft has announced this week that it intends to cut its carbon emissions by 75% by 2030 against a 2013 baseline , making continued progress with its carbon neutrality and renewable energy commitments while also making future investments in energy efficiency .
new cancer vaccine is 100 percent successful in mouse model . scientists have developed a new vaccine that in conjunction with existing therapies can not only treat aggressive melanoma , but also prevent its recurrence .
11 reasons why 2015 was a great year for humanity
salt lake city ice cream shop employing people with special needs
in a world where everything is so expensive i created a website dedicated to delivering free high quality sounds to video creators , filmmakers , djs , music producers , and audiophiles who have the creativity but maybe not the money !
' manatees ' theyre no longer an endangered species
researchers announce progress toward better battery to power cars
hunky gay marine wins election in alabama
superhero dad uses rex the robotic suit to walk daughter down aisle
breakthrough solar cell captures co2 and sunlight , produces burnable fuel
people from a town in spain adapt their festivities so that a local deaf kid can enjoy as well ( original article in spanish )
phone lost on a train in japan and miraculously found in indonesia leads to an unlikely cross cultural friendship
gandee brothers continuing 111 mile walk from ann arbor to lansing for final ' cp swagger '
groups clear land in kansas city to build community of tiny houses for veterans
california tortoise with cracked shell gets $4 , 000 repair
an unlikely hurricane hero takes over chaotic texas storm shelter
share of coal in uk ' s electricity system falls to record lows
members of the parliament have passed a motion making the uk parliament the first in the world to declare an environment and climate emergency .
corgi pit bull with lopsided jaw saved from euthanasia
family separations bring call for rare language interpreters . . . but this call was not for spanish speakers . these interpreters needed to speak the lesser known indigenous languages of guatemala and mexico , including mayan languages and zapotec .
bishops in the barbershop: how a baltimore salon helped build a national chess champion
artist cheers up sick children by giving them airbrushed tattoos
36 year old accountant called in as emergency nhl goalie and he crushed it
300 plumbers installed new faucets for free to help with flints water crisis
a fund raiser launched to replace a bullet riddled memorial sign marking the location where emmett tills mutilated body was discovered in 1955 has reached its $15 , 000 goal
how charity workers rid an entire antarctic island of rats
in gesture of love , alaska pilot to donate kidney to flight attendant
a soup kitchen disguised as a restaurant is making a big difference in kansas city .
man saves turtles from food market and releases them back into the sea
438 days is the miraculous account of the man who survived alone and adrift at sea longer than anyone in recorded historyas told to journalist jonathan franklin in dozens of exclusive interviews .
chattanooga pastor offers to house migrant children in church dormitory
teen surprised with wii u after best buy employees spot him playing at store display every day
plane crashes in mexico , everyone survives
south sudan winning against guinea worm , says jimmy carter
24 year old brain aneurysm patient taking back life with music
local veterans helping homeless veterans
bicycle collective donates thousands of bicycles to refugees , low income , and other individuals in need
big money is backing out of fossil fuel industry , moving into greener alternatives follow the dollar to see where the future of energy is headed , globally .
lady gaga sings to 98 year old fan as she volunteers at california wildfire shelter
new zealand secret santa pays off $300 worth of christmas lay bys for the second year in a row .
dubai will be home to the world ' s biggest vertical farm
nintendo lets terminal cancer patient play super smash bros . ultimate early .
teens making a big difference for their community .
spencer the flag waving marathon dog is a good boy , and a star
a trial of gene therapy treatment for haemophilia a has seen " mind blowing " results and raises hopes of a cure for a blood disorder that is commonly treated with ongoing lifetime injections of a medication
group of top ceos says maximizing shareholder profits no longer can be the primary goal of corporations
rio 2016: mauritian athlete defies cancer to compete bbc news
man walks over a dozen miles to first day of work , ceo gifts him car as thanks
flat earthers plan trip to antarctica in search of the ' edge of the world '
taghum rescuer honoured by eagle feather
pepe the frog cartoonist forces withdrawal of ' alt right ' children ' s book | books
florida police find prosthetic ear owner after facebook post
china looks to build a national park system to help preserve critical ecosystems
after 445 days at a shelter , dog lands forever home
til that the indian government banned the use of dolphins for commercial entertainment , calling them non human persons , and declaring that it would be morally unacceptable to capture them for entertainment .
the initial goal was to raise a couple hundred dollars so fidencio sanchez could have a day off , and has blossomed into thousands of people coming together so that he can take every day off .
galveston officers help mother of four who called police to take her children
outdoor cats needed for bright collar study
hope at last ? well have the first cure for cancer within a year
saskatchewan food bank usage among the highest in canada
these ' book ninjas ' give commuters free books to read while they ride .
teen asks best friend ' s little sister with down syndrome to prom
nba great tim duncan helps deliver 20 , 000 pounds of food to us virgin islands
ashton kutcher ' s organisation identifies 2 , 000 child victims of trafficking in six months
4 paralympic athletes beat the regular olympics gold medal time in the 1500
beluga whales adopt lost narwhal in st . lawrence river
celebrity chefs turn wasted olympics food into meals for homeless
chick fil a worker jumps through drive thru window , saves choking boy
in baltimore , ex cons and drug dealers work to make streets safer
revealed: cambodia ' s vast medieval cities hidden beneath the jungle
donald trump ' s favorite anti immigrant sheriff may finally lose an election
nasa oversight board member is trying to secure a spot in the aerospace industry for the girl who lost her internship for cursing at him on twitter
company provides costumes for kids in wheelchairs , whole school throws parade .
incredible moment young deaf girl is told she is getting a new little brother or sister
nytimes: worlds oldest man , a confectioner from poland , survived auschwitz
when residents take ownership , a mobile home community thrives
buzz aldrin leaves hospital after south pole scare
painkiller deaths drop by 25% in states with legal marijuana . x post r/trees
gun control groups take out $230k ny times ad naming lawmakers who have accepted nra donations
' i could sit and watch him for hours ' teacher ( 25 ) moves to uganda to adopt boy she met on gap year
the houston furniture guy who opened his store after harvey just refunded $10 million to customers
amazon removes books promoting autism cures and vaccine misinformation
11 yr old from pakistan occupied kashmir crosses into india by mistake , sent back with sweets and new clothes
incredibly generous woman is paying for all adoptions from a sacramento animal shelter so they can have homes by christmas
coal is being squeezed out of power industry by cheap renewables
mackenzie bezos , worth nearly $37 billion , will give half her fortune to charity
synthetic diamonds from china have pushed prices down and forced de beers to invest millions of dollars on methods to identify them . even the most experienced diamantaires in the world cant tell . created in labs in a matter of weeks , synthetic diamonds are chemically identical to the real thing .
zoos are getting into a #cuteanimaltweetoff battle
my best friend has been a heroin user for years . he ' s also a phenomenal barber . when i finally quit heroin for good on 5/8/18 ( my cakeday ) i told my him that i wouldn ' t let him cut my hair again until he completed a detox and rehab program . he finally cut my hair thursday : )
[video] this man in india invented a machine that made feminine hygiene products affordable for millions
did you know jeff bezos is adopted &amp; his dad is a cuban refugee ?
being friends with charles barkley
indiana bride to be calls off $30k wedding , throws party for homeless
quebec town bans smoking on sidewalks and streets: the bylaw , passed monday night in the montreal suburb of hampstead , bans smoking in all public places , in what is believed to be a first in canada .
minnesota man bakes bread to share happiness
switzerland has banned the practice of boiling lobsters alive
mouse on a plane grounds british airways heathrow flight
hatchlings from a vulnerable turtle species have been spotted for the first time in decades on a mumbai beach that was rejuvenated in the past two years by a massive volunteer cleanup operation .
halifax surgeon fixes boys teddy bear after operating on the boy
' a good day ' : new zealand adds area half the size of auckland to national park | world news
this couple may have had one of longest marriages of any pair with down syndrome . and possibly one of the happiest .
20+ kids with down syndrome will star in a fashion show in phoenix this weekend
$50k anonymously donated to destroyed church
human drugs could help cure the transmissible cancer that is wiping out tasmanian devils
free flu shot clinic for veterans begins next week
firefighters rescue a 12 week old puppy from a tumble dryer vent
tom ' s diner owner wins property rights fight against denver preservationists
whale saves unsuspecting snorkeler from shark by hiding her under fin
this is making me happy , david vaughan has found a way to restore the corals in the ocean . the corals play a major role in the marine ecosystem .
medellin , colombia , has gone from murder capital of the world to digital frontrunner
london ' s , often witty , tube signs respond to yesterdays westminster attack
saints owner gayle benson has surprised more than 400 people by paying off layaway orders at walmart
yes ! people are people , no matter what interpretations of a book say about them !
this shoe salesman lived an unassuming life . then he died , and his hometown got quite the surprise
nurses arrange a dying mans hospital bedside wedding
proposed ballot measure could decriminalize adult use of hallucinogenic ( i . e: magic/psilocybin ) mushrooms in california
town puts on parade to celebrate 103rd birthday of oldest resident
dog saves injured michigan man from freezing to death in the snow
washington man donates kidney to wife of nearly 30 years: ' we ' re a team '
boaters rescued from uninhabited island after writing ' sos ' in sand
meet the people helping senior citizens keep their pets
former chicago gang member uses boxing lessons to keep kids away from violence
kenyan man builds network of water pipes in the air to avoid contamination &amp; sells it for less than the local mafias
cleveland fine dining restaurant that hires ex cons has given over 200 former criminals a second chance , and so far none have re offended
paralysed dad fulfills promise to daughter by walking her down the aisle in a robotic suit
sister and brother reunited after meeting at homeless shelter
surveillance video captures stranger returning wallet stuffed with $1 , 500 in cash
rescuers raced across the country to save an adorable kitten from a dry well ! !
9 year old boy graduates high school and starts college , wants to become astrophysicist: ' i want to prove that god does exist '
panda romance in the air at berlin zoo , but love takes time
tim tebow ' s story of helping a stricken fan will melt your cold , cold heart
australia plans to ban pedophiles from traveling overseas ( x post from r/worldnews )
citizen provides drone , successfully locates missing teacher found alive
wrongfully convicted man to receive $1 . 5 million after 46 years in prison
medical marijuana saves five year old from seizures
scottish officers rely on an important tool: banter
fisherman rescues a seal stranded on ice by chainsawing a new hole for it
morocco to give 600 mosques a green makeover | environment
one of asia ' s most powerful women: ' one thing i would tell women '
hiring people with autism: how one car wash turned it into a winning formula
man scaling trump tower
boston college janitor to see fifth child graduate from the college
a man wants to find the cop who gave him a ride to a job interview after he went to the wrong address .
car wash workers were making $3 . 50 an hour . their ex boss just had to pay them $5m .
pitbulls and other banned dog breads are now legal in victoria .
young men in juvenile detention become kiva lenders
star wars actor diego luna did not hide his mexican accent and latinos heard it loud
family reunited with dog seven months after he disappeared in the wild
new yorkers stage graduation ceremony for student stuck on delayed subway
sobbing happy tears: passenger comforts nervous 96 year old during flight
muslim iraqi soldiers help liberate chaldean church
adolescent girl uses ' crazy strength ' to lift burning car off father
thai baby elephant receives water therapy
goats are friends , not food: siberian tiger finds constant companion in what was supposed to be dinner
nicki minaj paying student loans for twitter fans
one of the world ' s fastest shrinking glaciers is growing again , study finds
bombshells and brews introduces new charity beer . the beer is a limited edition charity beer benefiting boro women and family services .
teen saves money for two years to buy his pal a new electric wheelchair
get a crappy present ? zappos will trade you a $100 gift card and give the gift to charity
family struggling with baby ' s life threatening heart condition receives a much needed gift from local dealership .
signs are promising that economies can rise as carbon emissions decline
brave boy who lost legs to meningitis takes first steps with new prosthetics
how this man survived treading water for 29 hours after being lost at sea
restaurant manager picks up $100 tab for caregiver looking after terminally ill mother .
giving back means more than just writing a cheque for this chennai company
ariana grande ' s mother ushered fans to safety after explosion at concert
three australian independent mps who could become kingmakers in the event of a hung parliament have put climate change , and future proofing the environment and economy , at the forefront of their agenda .
15 year old on alaska airlines flight uses sign language to help fellow passenger
local 19 year old helps best friend complete bucket list after cancer diagnosis
guy takes his telescope to the sidewalk to let others see the moon in detail
hero dog saves family from carbon monoxide poisoning
twitch streamer doing a suicide prevention charity live stream
why bringing back a woolly mammoth is no longer science fiction
hero dog wakes up family in the middle of the night , saves them from devastating house fire
look: rare rhino born in indonesia takes breed one step away from extinction
bill nye lands netflix talk show
california firefighters revive dog after house fire a video | life and style
secret santa donates $10k to pet shelter . shelter uses the donation to pay for adoption fees .
scientists make " landmark " discovery in synthesizing anti cancer molecules in sea sponges .
teen dies from cancer day after the rock , sports stars , and navy seals help celebrate his birthday
an online campaign set up to raise money for a teenage racing driver who had part of both legs amputated after a crash at donington park has raised more than 600 , 000
old dogs who guarded elderly owner ' s body find new home together
10 year old raises s$14 , 000 from sale of chilli for cancer stricken hawker
chinese spider man scales building to save dangling two year old
high on cannabis , man calls up dial 100 , demands to be dropped home times of india
treasure valley firefighters climb for a cure
group trying to preserve &amp; digitize 30 , 000 new orleans newspapers , 1888 1929
from growing up in a cult to battling depression , drug addictions , and obesity to becoming her own legend . this is elyssa , and this is her story .
costa rica powered by renewable energy for over 250 days in 2016 costa rica completes 2016 without having to burn a single fossil fuel for more than 250 days . 98 . 2% of costa rica ' s electricity came from renewable sources in 2016 . [x post from /r/worldnews]
a 3 year old cancer survivor served as a flower girl in her bone marrow donor ' s wedding
indian girl develops ' rape proof ' underwear that features a lock , gps alert for police and video camera to record attacker ' s face
woman overcomes pakistan ' s repressive laws to stay true to her muslim faith
' sightings ' of extinct tasmanian tiger prompt search in queensland
unity is a powerful thing
79 year old graduates with degree from york university
25 year old ' s answer to antibiotic resistance bacteria . there is still hope : )
baptist group offers to cover funeral expenses for all sutherland springs shooting victims
black santa coming to mall of america for the 1st time
loving dad treats daughter to ' beauty and the beast ' photo shoot
a texas cotton farmer is battling cancer and couldn ' t harvest his crop . so his neighbors did it for him
irish woman flies across atlantic to be us childhood penpal ' s bridesmaid
malawi has become the very first country to begin immunising children against malaria , the world health organisation ( who ) has announced
charity rescues 55 animals from dog meat farm in south korea
kenyan muslims cover for non muslims in a botched al shabaab attack in northern kenya
71 percent of kentuckians support statewide public smoking ban
identical ohio twins are valedictorian , salutatorian of their high school class
special feeding chair saves puppy ' s life
the toddler who once made headlines for his smoking habits is now cured of his addiction
state street global advisors ' girl statue in front of wall street bull
in the last three decades , dementia rates in europe and north america have declined by an average of 15% per decade
island family gives $1 million gift to the public library
river spanning town hall literally bridges two faroe islands communities
boy with cancer experiences being a cop for one day as it is his dream to become a cop when he grow up ( ahvaz iran )
how an endangered salamander forced a texan city to save water: when it comes to water , san antonio may be the worlds most forward thinking city . but it learned to conserve a precious resource the hard way and from an unlikely teacher .
senior class gives trip money to principal battling cancer .
man who received brides fathers heart to walk her down aisle
victor mozqueda sacrificed his life to save his 5 year old nephew from drowning
woody williams is the last surviving medal of honor recipient from the wwii battle of iwo jima . and today , he ' s continuing a mission to establish gold star families memorial monuments across the united states . gold star families are those that have lost a loved one in military service .
ny jets rookie nathan shepherd went from having to drop out of school because he couldnt afford it , to working odd jobs for two years in construction and factories , to walking on at a junior college , to finally being drafted in the nfl and signing a million dollar signing bonus .
calgary longboarder completes ride across canada after recovering from a stroke
british columbia has banned all grizzly bear hunting effective immediately , closing a loophole that existed for meat hunting
unique christmas shop lets kids set their own prices ( x post /r/remarkableretail )
swapping homegrown food and cultivating a community at fresh produce markets
the world ' s population of snow leopards has been increasing; they ' re no longer considered an endangered species
man finds dozens of his father ' s sketches of fellow ww2 soldiers in sister ' s attic; now he ' s on a mission to find the families of the men pictured
me and my friend bought this homeless man subway and he was so happy he wanted us to take a picture together !
us senate passes the decade ' s biggest public lands package
parkland therapy dogs have their own special page in the yearbook
mexico jaguar population grows 20% in eight years
leonardo dicaprio donates $1 million to shield elephants from poachers
now 15 , the ' girl in the window ' is featured on oprah show ( w/video ) " by tampa bay times , published on 18 june 2014
outpouring of kindness for special needs girl: kindness can be contagious . that ' s the lesson at one elementary school on maui .
a team of students at purdue dedicates hours each week to worl on designing and funding a preschool school in ecuador
atlanta based urban business institute opens its doors for black hustlers
canada mp gives speech in mohawk language in parliamentary first | world news
canadian homeowner leaves door unlocked , comes back to find house cleaned , not cleaned out .
dad of the year hands out candy on flight so daughter can trick or treat
from damascus to hollywood , a syrian actor living the american dream
please help catch these animal abusers
egyptian swimmer with down syndrome getting ready to cross the english channel
new jersey high school opens doors every friday night to keep students off streets
rhino poacher trampled to death by elephant; remains eaten by lions
amazing reward for bus driver who stopped to give homeless man 5
la cocina kitchen incubator helps low income immigrant women in san francisco
denmark bans burqa , niqab
life under siege: the cat man of aleppo
deaf fan finally gets to tell batman voice actor how his voice work changed his life .
harley , the blind therapy dog , lightens the load for kids at shriners
pueblo man creates device to prevent kids from dying in hot cars
tech for the age of hydrogen . and a tech which can eliminate c02
what an unexpectedly wholesome turn .
homeless puerto rican teen aids maria victims
so i made a tool where you can get news from both liberal and conservative sources for the same topics
two men hike 12 hours to save dog , carry him down mountain on their backs
as part of taylor swift ' s joint contract with the label , umg must promise to hand over to artists , on a non recoupable basis , a portion of the windfall from its spotify shares in the future . not just to swift , but to all its artists .
my daughter is a wonderful person . i couldn ' t be any more proud !
in 11 hour surgery , philadelphia hospital separates 10 month old twins conjoined at their heads
worlds largest solar farm set to open next year in egypt
iceland moves to ban circumcision .
students affected by hurricane maria bring their research to slac | slac national accelerator laboratory
dalai lama ' s emotional reunion with guard who aided flight from tibet buddhist leader meets naren chandra das 58 years after he escorted him in india after his escape from chinese authorities
' miracle ' as girl declared dead in michigan uber murders walks out of hospital
an early morning run for a pack of cigarettes ended up saving a life friday morning .
for the first time in more than 20 years , copyrighted works will enter the public domain | arts &amp; culture | smithsonian
pope francis says homosexual tendencies are not a sin
woman wears golden prosthetic arm on wedding day , shines with self love
when science meets art , a van gogh ' s brilliance is revealed
opposing groups at mosque protest find common ground
louisville vet donates her day to helping homeless pets
my old school district raised money to pay for our beloved custodians medical bills !
local woman turns hobby into full time service project; continues to collect bras , tampons
army veteran deported to mexico can return home , become us citizen
father with autistic son creates a game about him and his world . features toy battles , rhythm games and a world made out of lego .
i hope you learn to let go of all the things that are not meant for you
this heartwarming story of a stray dog that jumped into a woman ' s car
my brother loves politics . but he thought his disability meant he couldnt vote .
' it restores your faith in human kindness ' young mum ' overwhelmed ' by donations for $120k life saving surgery
young cancer patient ' s wish to ' blow stuff up ' comes true thanks to federal police . [video]
president trump overruled devos to keep the special olympics funded
utah woman has adopted 35 children including 26 with special needs
volunteers rescue thousands of books from mosul library destroyed by islamic state
arcade plans a very special day for a boy with autism
im doing what i love . im helping veterans and people with disabilities every day . i dont know that i would have found this path the way that i did without the pat tillman foundation .
king for a day: 83 year old janitor moved to tears when children surprise him with retirement party
plano man who walked 15 miles to work given a car
love at first sight for an elderly couple in their 60 ' s
bacteria killing viruses phage technologies to protect human in an era of antibiotic resistance and super bugs
refugees in americas healthcare system: how refugee families get the care they need to build new lives
bc government reverses policy; issues total ban on grizzly bear hunting coast mountain news
swedish sisters take homeless man on holiday after meeting him on edinburgh street
age is a number: 73 year old covers 19 countries in 72 days
paris to sell off bridges ' love locks and give the proceeds to refugees . the 65 tonnes of love locks removed from pariss bridges in the last 18 months are to be sold and could raise 100 , 000 for refugee groups .
new delhi: open gyms make fitness a mass exercise times of india
uk labour party to install solar panels on millions of government and low income households .
teams rescue hundreds of sea turtles from cold
boy who loves conchas ( a mexican sweet bread ) and had a concha themed bday party gets a year of conchas by known bakery
california gives $3 million to help 600 laid off american apparel workers
afghanistan is setting up its first ever women only university in kabul
' he is an angel ' : officer helps homeless mom , daughter
indian court gives ganges , yamuna same rights as a human
san quentin ' s execution chamber dismantled
section 377: partner can be from the same sex , says justice chandrachud
first sugar tax in mexico cuts soft drink sales by 6%
scottish homelessness charity plans village of low cost eco homes
this farms veggies are grown exclusively for charity
80 inmates just earned an education while in the harris county jail
this man spent decades befriending kkk members . hundreds have left the group because of him
ayurveda doctor pedals across india with a message to save environment; manages to plant as many as 2 , 500 trees within a couple of months . ( x post r/upliftingkhabre )
utah bans police from searching digital data without a warrant , closes fourth amendment loophole
mndot workers rescue dog trapped on cliff above construction site .
woman rushes into police station with lifeless puppy . . . cops bring the little pupper back to life !
rainbow emerges during pulse remembrance ceremony
neighbors rally to help grandmother who lost her grandchildren to foster care .
3 year old tanbur player performs at kermanshah province fajr music festival
gucci donates $500 , 000 to march for our lives
my aunt went on a local radio station appealing for information on her missing brother , last seen 10 years ago in new york . within a day they found him , tracked him down to long island and got him on the phone . might not be to most incredible story but truly a christmas miracle for my family
late unh librarian leaves $4 million to school he worked at for almost 50 years
moment baby sees father for first time with new medical glasses
son of maintenance worker &amp; nurse gets perfect score on ap calculus exam ( 1 of only 12 in the world )
uber has finally banned ' that ' rider for life over threat to accuse driver of rape
woman survives brussels terror attack , pens note to unborn child
kindness of strangers brings piano to connecticut boy , 9 , with autism
homeless mom accidentally sends tearful facebook message to the wrong man . his reply changes everything
born deaf and going blind this little girl gets one of her senses back with cochlear implant : )
how to create eye catching images at the lowest price ?
army of nanorobots successfully strangles cancerous tumors
scalise doctor hopes for excellent recovery despite risk
8 years later , missing dog found in cape coral
a day in the life of a zookeeper: there ' s more to it than just cuddling cute animals
six legged dog named roo adopted by bullied teen: ' now he ' s got a best friend ' says mom
right to non discriminatory internet access is non negotiable indian minister
jobs jump by 313 , 000 in february , best since july 2016
british columbia schools will require kids immunization status by fall .
medical mecca muslims are quietly serving jacksonville community
chernobyl disaster zone could be turned into the worlds biggest solar power plant
pakistan unveiled the remains of a 1 , 700 year old sleeping buddha image on wednesday , part of an initiative to encourage tourism and project religious harmony in a region roiled by islamist militancy .
he used advertising to find a donor . now he has a new kidney and a lifelong friend .
ethiopia ' breaks ' tree planting record to tackle climate change
busker gives his tips to homeless people , lands a record deal
south africa: 20 teenagers build an aircraft africa feeds
meet the heroic police dog jake who this week saved the life of a vulnerable young woman
former wheelchair athlete , 34 , shakes off years of rejection to land first full time job
french billionaires have pledged 300 million euros to help rebuild the notre dame cathedral: luxury goods magnate bernard arnault said he would donate 200 million euros the morning after retail mogul francois henri pinault pledged 100 million euros .
' twisted ' fibre optic light breakthrough could make internet 100 times faster
' such good humanity ' : strangers waste no time rescuing woman off 14er
texans are adopting dogs in droves to rescue them from flooded animal shelters
new zealand company offers employees $10 a day to cycle to work: christchurch advertising firm says workers could feel energised by the exercise and the money .
good works by good people
domestic violence survivor , marlene tighe , reclaims her smile with sydney dentist , brian phillips , help .
75 year old widower posted an ad looking for someone to fish with , and hundreds offered to drop a line with him .
nobody shows up for 6 year old ' s birthday party . local sports teams deliver in a very uplifting way .
arkansas mosque forgives , pays fine of man who defaced its walls
new york passes its green new deal , announces massive offshore wind push
boy without a pulmonary valve in his heart wishes for a video game themed playground , make a wish foundation builds him his own mario playground
be the change you want to see in the world
orphaned crows released into the wild still visit family to say ' hello '
free diving family saves whale shark stuck in a fishing net
metallica donate a quarter million to build pediatric hospital
saudi arabia allows women to travel independently , putting them on an equal footing to men
community helped turlock girl get a diabetes service dog . now she ' s paying it forward
pokemon go saves struggling washington ice cream shop
nations establish world ' s largest marine reserve in antarctica
salesforce . com risks $1m in annual sales to take a stand against gun violence
nyc subway station at site of 9/11 attack reopens after nearly 2 decades
azusa man helps rescue teen attempting to jump from overpass on to 210 freeway [azusa , ca]
a mushroom vaccine could save the honey bees
hero dog saves 7 year old girl from rattlesnake , bitten multiple times; crowdfunding quickly tops $15 , 000 needed to pay for antivenin
ronald noble , rkn globals founder , on the stubbornness of corruption
vending machines filled with free books come to new york city
canadian company creates plastic that degrades within 10 years
167 drivers pay it forward in drive thru at southern indiana mcdonalds
how a dog made chinese netizens share the pain of rejection
village whip round buys retired racehorse for the stable boy who saved its life a decade ago
canada just wants to #tellamericaitsgreat
actor luke wilson hailed as ' hero ' for pulling woman to safety after fatal crash
miranda lambert is saving dogs by the truckload in texas
milwaukee man who voluntarily shovels driveways given free snowblower
nhl player accidentally spills fan ' s beer , gives fan autographed stick saying , " sorry ! i owe u one .
bald eagle lands on 9 11 flag memorial in minnesota
elon musk donates over $480 , 000 to help flint schools clean tainted water
fda approves new , cheaper rival to epipen allergy shot
in longville , minn . , retired librarian prepared for solo women ' s march , but was joined by 65 more people
kid asks how to get vaccinated without parents consent , and replies show how messed up our society is
oldest known pearl harbor veteran , 104 , bulks up for 75th anniversary
waterloo will soon be home to one of the most energy efficient office buildings in the country , a building so green it produces more energy than it consumes .
officer in chandler arizona , usa saves a suicidal man with a hug .
woman abducted as a child is reunited with her mother on the 89 year old ' s deathbed after 40 year search to find the old home her mother refused to leave in case she ever returned
indonesia pledges to ban dog and cat meat trade
giving thanks: how an irish billionaire is helping the caribbean bounce back after hurricane maria
passenger raises thousands to send uber driver to see his son in olympics
financial firms lead shareholder rebellion against exxonmobil climate change policies
firefighter saved a rabbit from a burning dwelling ( menden , germany )
us navy apologises after air crew draws giant penis over washington with fighter jet
how 2 britons gave bhuj quake survivor a new life
smiley the blind therapy dog may be gone , but here ' s how his legacy lives on
how native american tribes are bringing back the bison from brink of extinction
three decades after the challenger accident , a soccer ball finally reaches space
japanese company raises awareness of child organ transplants by giving old toys donated limbs
scientists fertilize eggs from the last two northern white rhinos
the awesome way this town responded when vandals covered a black familys home with racist graffiti
cancer patient gets his rent paid for a year
| no more killer whale shows at seaworld san diego
5 , 645 electric buses for 65 indian cities on their way
150+ hurricanes , lightning and storm photography
tasmania has made a road out of recycled plastic
guy goes to mexico to kill himself , spends week doing coke and banging hookers , decides to keep living
forrest gump star gary sinise flies 1000 children of fallen us soldiers to disney world
/r/newzealand answers american ladies desperate plea to call an ambulance after watching her new zealand fiance have an epileptic seizure on a skype call
odishas ganjam district , where blackbuck are dearer than sons . residents of 70 villages in this district sustain more than 3 , 000 of the antelopes
umbrella alley in shiraz , iran
no ruff work days here ! ups workers pay tribute to the adorable dogs they meet on their delivery routes by sharing snaps of the pups in sweet online gallery
rescue cat recovers after shedding 5 pounds of matted fur
air georgian announces employee tuition assistance program
liu xia , the widow of chinese nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo , has left beijing after almost eight years of house arrest
black lives matter protest in wichita changed to cookout with police
famous comox waving granny gets huge valentine ' s surprise
animals soothed after worldwide mascara brush appeal success
roald dahl ' s matilda confronts donald trump in new statue
microsoft offers to buy computer and development resources for ghana man teaching computing on a chalkboard
103 year old woman fulfills dream , rides motorcycle
woman seeking 100 cards for grandmother turning 100
brain implant allows man who suffered a spinal cord injury about 10 years ago feel touch on robotic hand
charity 5k reaches record numbers
interview: harvard trained kiwi kurdish lawyer rez gardi on her work in human rights and her advocacy for kurds
a feel good story about addiction recovery
woman donates $5g worth of toys to sick hospital patients
colorado passes amendment a , votes to officially abolish slavery
teenager jailed for 13 years after pimping out young girls for sex
in an attempt to curb predatory loan practices , colorado voted yesterday to limit the effective interest rate of payday loans ( prop 111 ) .
man who walked 20 miles to job gets ceo ' s personal car
after a lifetime of learning , atlanta woman earns college degree at 93
ringling bros animals likely to be taken in by wildlife sanctuary after circus closes doors in 2017 .
nepal ' s tiger population nearly doubles in last decade .
peyote bill passes idaho house by wide margin " the bill would authorize the use of the hallucinogenic cactus by members of the native american church . . . some of the most conservative voices in the chamber were rising to promote it as a religious freedom issue .
air india operates 52 flights with all women crew
profoundly disabled boy ' s ' co mommas ' make legal history
teen praised for helping crying year 7 boy on wrong school bus
a selfless chef won a reality game show and used the prize money to feed his community .
the new research on causes of depression
tim robbinss prison improv classes make inmates less likely to re offend
jordan abolished law that lets rapists escape their prosecution by marrying the victim
when gunman advanced on new zealand mosque , this man ran at him: abdul aziz , 48 , is being hailed as a hero for preventing more deaths
field hockey team rallies around teammate with cerebral palsy
japan offers toilet paper just for wiping your phone
this 11 year old was bullied for her skin color . she launched a company to fight racism .
school crossing guard celebrates 50 years of protecting louisville kids
homeless man hailed a hero after saving two children from burning apartment
therapy dogs to help calm young victims and witnesses are added to court system
this female weightlifter from pakistan is also a phd scholar
baauer ' taking action ' against fcc over ' harlem shake ' net neutrality repeal video
nasa says earth is greener today than 20 years ago thanks to china , india
ireland goes 25 days without using coal to generate electricity
india is soon to publish its first sign language dictionary . a group of 15 people are working on the task of compiling more than 7 , 000 signs that deal with words used in academic , medical , legal , technical and routine conversations by deaf people in india .
man re proposes after finding wedding ring in ashes of fire struck home
12 year old rushed to the starting line of a 5k only to find out she was running in the wrong race . she finishes half marathon winning medal .
dog park wins a $30 , 000 makeover
french football player kylian mbappe will donate everything he earns with the french nt to charity . he believes players don ' t really need money to play for the national team .
polish government signals u turn on total abortion ban calling mass protests against the proposal " a lesson in humility
taco bell is bringing alcoholic slushies to orange county
delta created special flight to accommodate black hills tourists from belgium
speed cyclist denise mueller ' s record setting 147 . 7 mph ride
north korean defector is now conscious and stable .
the man who paves india ' s roads with plastic | the guardian
refugees offered housing on an aged care property to help build rental history , community responds with empathy and inclusion
teen who walked 2 miles to work surprised by cop who buys him bike story
bangladesh floats death penalty for road deaths in bid to quell protests
' wow , you ' re lost ! ' : invercargill farmer rescues stranded seal pup from paddock
' way to go young man ' : heartwarming moment eight year old boy gets out of his mom ' s car to help an elderly woman struggling to walk up steps
dfw tv station pays off $2m in medical debt
restaurant owner gives disabled teen surprise custom car
vail resorts offers $99 epic pass for veterans and active duty military members for the 2018 2019 season .
solar power is now the world ' s cheapest energy
un poised to move ahead with landmark treaty to protect high seas: waters outside national boundaries are currently unregulated , devastated by overfishing and pollution . 140 countries back the motion to establish a treaty .
glenn heights cop moves burning truck from restaurant
the bees living on notre dame ' s roof survived the fire
panama hotel owner , declaring victory , has trumps name removed
a 5 month old baby named daniel who is suffering from a fatal liver disorder got a perfect match liver donation after only 40 minutes on the wait list .
destitute brothers use their savings and walk miles to save dog .
colombia team offers title to crash victim rival
spacex ' s elon musk unveils interplanetary spaceship to colonize mars
that time ramona made everyone smile for a few minutes
/r/upliftingnews week in review
romania is getting their first clinic for survivors of sexual assault !
pet lover helps dozens of cats and dogs escape hurricane florence on a school bus
patagonia donates $10 million trump tax savings to green groups
police escort surgeon through peak traffic for emergency operation
pregnant dog buried alive for two days rescued by russian man who heard her frantic cries for help
cats , separated at petaluma shelter , reunited when owners start dating
lady who rescues orphaned cats in d . c . is a hero
teacher scrimps and saves , donates $1 million to his old school for scholarships
baby born on spirit airlines plane will get free flights for life
special needs students join high school dance team
competing russian food delivery services will send their in love couriers to paris
how portland teenagers are fighting the city ' s homeless crisis
105 year old frenchman sets cycling record
dps trooper helps save choking baby
pay it forward moment at walmart repaid with grateful hugs
president obama commutes prison sentences , including super bowl champs grandmother
travel firms starting to drop package trips to zoos
a teacher in india buys a bus and becomes a bus driver to make sure no one drops out of school
u . s . unemployment down to 4 . 4% , long term unemployment drops by almost 12% since january , job creation now exceeding population growth
california teen makes chocolate roses for every girl in school [los banos , , merced county , central valley , ca]
virginia beach woman chartered plane to rescue 300 animals as hurricane maria bore down on caribbean
animal rescue: " fospice " program gives senior and terminally ill shelter dogs a home for their final days
utah bus driver styles 11 year old girl ' s hair every morning after mom dies from rare illness
teens invite elderly woman to hang out because she missed going out with her friends
boko haram is been defeated , last stronghold has been taken
baltimore ' s solar powered water wheel has now removed 1 . 1 million lbs of rubbish from the river
arizona woman shot in head during las vegas massacre to leave hospital after ' profound ' recovery
worker wage gains just broke 3% for the first time in more than 10 years
university of georgia fundraising $500 , 000 to build a handicap accessible home for devon gales
sgt . fuzz , new st . paul police comfort dog , is already a big shot but he ' s not letting it go to his head
no gray area: autistic artist shares his world of vibrant colors
[deleted by user]
young boy saves 5 lives in just 2 days
knoxville girl ' s lemonade stand raises more than $4k for mom ' s cancer fight
college music department resurrects long lost funk music
mystery violinist plays outside grocery store for rent money
s&amp;p 500 and nasdaq rally to record closing highs after strong earnings from broad range of companies
leaf ' s elena interviews sens ' s aubrey de grey good chance of most of the necessary rejuvenation based anti aging ( reversal ) interventions entering clinical trials by 2021
spinal tap vs blue banana live explain by a child
the street school set up by siblings aged 12 and 15
cam newton hops playground fence to play football with seventh graders
dog alerts neighbours to owner ' s crash saturday
period poverty: 141 , 000 wales schoolgirls to be given free sanitary products
runner ' saved by dogs ' after hill fall
controversial seaworld orca shows end in california , but continue elsewhere
woman finds senior dogs a place to call their own
two strangers fall in love after liver transplant
dying veteran gets his wish; one last fishing trip
richard overton america ' s oldest wwii veteran ( and reddit favorite ) receives free home makeover
a new york city dentist is offering free dental work for one day to patients without insurance
woman names baby after medic who saved her during wildfire
nsw diver takes ' cuddling ' selfie with friendly shark
inspiring underdog story completed as virginia beats a 16 seed in the ncaa mens basketball tournament
texas house approves major school finance reform package , including a mandatory $1 , 850 raise for all teachers to the bill
400 acres donated to yosemite national park buzz hubb
at&amp;t doesn ' t charge for any talk , text , or data overages for hurricane irma victims
well soon know the exact air pollution from every power plant in the world . thats huge . satellite data plus artificial intelligence equals no place to hide .
this miraculous three hour operation to rescue a stranded seal from a remote beach
chicago paleta vendor fidencio sanchez melts us hearts bbc news more than $200 , 000 ( 150 , 000 ) has been raised online in days for an elderly chicago ice popsicle vendor who was pictured struggling to push his cart
police officer helps 4 year old hunt for monsters in new home
first ever black hole image released
ethiopian journalist addisalem hadigu has met his daughters asmera and danait in eritrea for the first time in 16 years .
a young woman decided to help rehome an 11 year old dog that reminded her of a puppy she had to give up when she was a kid . it turned out it was the same dog , and the microchip proved it .
jewish texans hand texan muslims synagogue keys , after their mosque burns down .
esther a cute little adopted pet pig grows to 670 pounds
woman learns that the stranger who watched over her daughter on a flight from sierra leone to the u . s . 15 years ago was former va gubernatorial candidate tom perriello
finally some push back as seattle federal judge grants temporary restraining order on immigration ban on nationwide basis
matt leblanc poses with his classmates during 30 year high school reunion
wife is at home and survived harvey while i ' m out on the coast guard boat . water went down and now she ' s helping rescue people and providing assistance to people in need . true hero !
man with down syndrome fulfills mma dream vs . ufcer diego sanchez
man honors the memory of his deceased wife in the most beautiful way ( 7 photos
the terminally ill 6 year old boy and his make a wish gift
in all that chaos and hatred all i see is my wife looking after me . " hopeful story behind iconic image of westminster terror attack .
a firefighter helped save a boston marathon bombing victim . now theyre getting married
biden foundation established to push for equal rights
syrian refugee finds $55 , 000 cash , turns it in to german police : the two way
teen awarded for helping massachusetts homeless youths
fresno woman dedicates herself to helping citys homeless
horror house dogs find new home
swedish island offers free stays for creatives
bride bonds with service dog in beautiful wedding day photo
germanys die welt proclaims donald trump most successful climate protector in the world
after govt ignored him , this man turned a dying river of human waste into paradise by himself
violin maker in palestine brings sweet sounds to troubled landscape
german gov ' t bans fracking for good
denmark hospital grants dying man final wish of cigarette and wine while watching sunset
churches provide groceries to hundreds of families in need: this helps a lot
girl all smiles in viral photo after teacher shows up with identical hairdo
cat thrown from bridge , saved by local boat captain
homeless woman thanked for foiling oxford shop burglary
at 73 , man goes to school for fulfilling unaccomplished dreams
[deleted by user]
columbus jeopardy contestant donates prize to group fighting infant mortality
syrian refugees go to see their first ever hockey game in canada
131 year old message in a bottle found on australian beach
procrastinating at work makes you more creative , research suggests
rexie the handicapped cat has a pink wheelchair and is best friends with a ferret
notre dame cathedral: disney pledges $5m to rebuild ' hunchback ' home
japan steal world cup hearts with dignified and classy response to cruel exit
a north carolina woman who received a $1 lottery ticket for mother ' s day ends up winning $1 . 3 million
police officer praised for breastfeeding ' smelly and dirty ' baby
alexis arquette ' s ex lover sells sex tape to xhamster and porn company destroys all copies instead of releasing them out of respect .
new jersey girl , 16 , is dubbed ' supergirl ' for her incredible ability to dead lift 365 pounds
child neurofeedback research 2017 by bessel van der kolk md
boy turns in $2 , 000 he found , gets outstanding citizen award
note and 10 left on ambulance windscreen
cat lucky to be alive after unusual rescue
race to save japan ' s lost satellite hitomi
u . s . veterans to form human shield at dakota pipeline protest
a venezuelan man who lost his left leg in a traffic accident walked across south america; hoping to inspire his daughter who also lost a leg in the same accident and his compatriots to pursue their dreams despite difficult times .
africa is leading the world in plastic bag bans
a man with autism , behaving violently , winds up in the er . the officers on duty respond by singing and dancing .
kenny chesney will donate all proceeds from his new album to virgin island relief fund
high school hockey player scores game winning ot goal the day after losing his father ,
mississippi family plants vegetable farm , gives half to people on fixed income
asteroid named after 6 year old with terminal cancer who collected over 2 , 5 million euros for charity
renoir painting looted by nazis finally returned to rightful owner ' s granddaughter
tacoma man launches food is free project after learning his neighborhood is a food desert
secret ' santa b ' gives $180 , 000 for layaway bills at local wal mart stores
volunteer cuddlers give gift of human connection to premature babies at hobart hospital
china eclipses europe as 2020 solar power target is smashed
maine rescue offers second chances to volunteer inmates and ' broken ' horses the abused and neglected horses and the women whove been sentenced to the maine correctional center share something in common and their bond has been transformative
coke and pepsi abandon the plastics lobby
small canadian town will give land and job to anyone willing to move . . .
pedro the turtle lost his legs so us veterinarians gave him lego wheels
homeless people on their pets: ' she saved me as much as i saved her '
engineers customize christmas toys for disabled children: toys for children with severe disabilities are nearly impossible to find . the adaptive toy project customizes toys from store shelves for disabled children .
young woman with down syndrome becomes the ambassador for benefit cosmetics
brewing company creates beer in honor of prematurely born baby hippo fiona . 25 percent of the beer sales proceeds is being donated to the zoo ' s care team .
good samaritan , who intervened in attack on jewish boy , confronts life without a home
new law passes: owners could now be jailed for leaving their dog out in the cold
iraqi men celebrate their freedom by shaving .
' iron man ' bystander saves young boy with seconds to spare after thames plunge
peanut allergy cured in majority of children in immunotherapy trial . australian researchers hail breakthrough after life changing tolerance persists for up to four years .
two legged kitten rescued and takes first steps with new wheelchair
children ' s hospital uses pokemon go to get patients out of bed , and it ' s super effective
university of missouri fires professor melissa click
children at hasbro receive special message from iss for good night lights
middletown girl donates pet oxygen masks to firefighters
700 kerala villagers waded through a dead river , cleansed it and brought it back to life in 70 days
this teacher raised enough money to buy new bikes for each student in her school
churches in sri lanka hold first sunday masses since easter bombings .
house passes bill to force u . s . to stay in paris climate agreement
community leader builds a school in violence stricken chicago neighborhood , and earns an unexpected grant without his knowledge .
phoenix man stops robbery by quoting pulp fiction
dna testing links 300 year old remains of a baby to a colonial md . governor
after a delayed flight meant this soldier was going to miss his daughter ' s birth , he was saved by facetime
nasa and russia team up to build space station near the moon
unemployed swedish man lands his dream job with a car advert:
students raise nearly $50k to send wwii veterans on honor flight
hurricane harvey: indian americans in texas help thousands with food , medical aid
random woman takes beautiful picture of a proposal and posts it online . with help of the internet , couple finds the photo and thanks her in person .
kids at an elementary throw a surprise party for custodian appreciation day
a few months back , i shot a film where i scribbled messages around the city in order to empower people , it made national news !
man loses 30 kg to donate his kidney to his son [swedish]
send me a masterpiece: the sfmoma museum is texting its artworks to anyone who asks
owner of auto repair shop donates it to help ex offenders
car dealer donates to single dad after craigslist scam
bald eagles comeback: there are so many nests , pa . officials cant count them all
a soldier whose house was looted during hurricane florence gave away the money raised for him instead .
rodney smith jr . traveling all 50 states , mowing lawns for elderly , disabled , single moms and vets for free
teenager wins peace prize for standing by best friend
sacramento has renamed a local park after reading rainbow host levar burton
man designs community of rvs and tiny houses with small rent to help the homeless get back on their feet .
cup for ben: chinese factory to grant christmas wish for boy with autism
raised to kill lions , this kenyan warrior now saves them
possible me/cfs breakthrough
1st grader ends cancer treatment with dance , bell ringing
wergle flomp humor poetry contest ( no fee )
christmas train hopes to spread tolerance in pakistan
california poised to hit 50% renewable target a full decade ahead of schedule
like vinyl , reading is fashionable again physical book sales are up . people are reading more . independent bookshops are thriving .
bookstore ' s tweet on the sale of a children ' s book after 27 years , goes viral
city skyline blinks in nightly ritual to cheer up sick kids
a manifesto to save planet earth ( and ourselves )
y combinator wants to build a city for the future
she didn ' t beat cancer , but this 29 year old cycled for survival until the very end
lady lucan leaves fortune to housing charity shelter | uk news
this is commitment to a cause . shaving a massive mustache for cancer research
in the past 4 months , 200 universities have launched 600 free online courses .
little girl waited outside to give her favorite garbage man a birthday cupcake
canadian teen finds a new way to extract diamonds from rocks
a bbc investigation exposing the scale of chimpanzee trafficking last year has helped police in nepal uncover a smuggling operation
archie bradley was reunited with his missing dog , crash , thanks to twitter
the thursday night football cat finds a home
saving the tiniest lives: neonatology then and now
longbenton lad saved from rare eye cancer after parents ' chance sighting
franklin county man develops oil burner that runs on vegetable oil
how one woman ' s search for her homeless mother became a mission to help others
johns hopkins medical students will no longer train on live animals
hungry teen asks to carry bags for man in exchange for food; gets food and a gofundme to help pay for id and lawnmower so he can work
lost school ring reunited with glens falls owner 44 years later , weeks before 50th school reunion from the other side of the globe .
leftist candidate jean luc melenchon shakes up france ' s presidential race
detroit tigers ' matthew boyd and his wife ashley boyd are saving children in uganda from sex slavery . " the bad guys arent smarter than us . we can end this . we can outsmart them .
new york aims to fight climate change by creating green union jobs | us news
wholesome bts of once upon a time in . . . hollywood
cognitive gains from meditation remain 7 years later
europe to ban halogen lightbulbs | environment
watch this high school senior erupt in joy after college acceptance
benny the beluga whale forces river thames fireworks event to be postponed
tess was shot in the line of duty . she is doing great now and just received a purple heart !
a harvard scientist thinks he has a gene test for heart attack risk . he wants to give it away free .
7th century buddha statue restored after being dynamited by pakistani taliban in 2007
hotel ' s 30 , 000 keys each have a story that unlocks a memory
meet omar , the aussie feline in the running to be world ' s longest cat
' there ' s always a kiss ' for oregon couple about to celebrate 75th wedding anniversary
ocean cleanup system installed and ready for work at the great pacific garbage patch
emilia clarke thanks r/freefolk for raising over $75k for her charity ! ( the mods at r/gameofthrones , who hate r/freefolk , actually went as far as banning this video from their sub ) .
girl of 13 is first child in britain to receive artificial heart
some positive news from the tech industry
romanian gendarmes reunite mama bear with its cubs romania insider
richer sounds founder hands over control of hi fi and tv firm to staff | business
parkland ' s stoneman douglas high school wins florida state hockey title
rail passenger wakes to find 100 gift from stranger who overheard phone call about financial difficulties
the mayor of a city in southern russia has banned circuses that use wild animals in their acts . he earlier blocked plans to build a dolphinarium in magas , on the grounds that these " remarkable and loveable creatures should roam free and happy in their natural environment , " he wrote on instagram .
judge dismisses case of woman who gave water to pigs headed for slaughter
new bill allows oregon students to take ' mental health days '
by 2040 , more than half of new cars will be electric
anti abortion activists behind secret videos are indicted
michigan beachgoers form human chains to rescue swimmers , as 2 drown in rough waves
mizoram boy runs over chicken , rushes it to hospital with his ' savings '
kal penn responds to racist abuse on twitter: " to the dude who said i don ' t belong in america , i started a fundraising page for syrian refugees in your name . " he raised $800 , 000 for syrian refugees in three days .
u . s . returns to #1 in economic category for first time since 2008
' it ' s the start of my savings for my daughter ' : man leaves $1 , 000 tip for pregnant waitress
charity rescues 160 guinea pigs
bam margera is back on a skateboard and sober
6 new canadians take citizenship oath more than 300 metres off the ground
an attempted terrorist attack in beirut was stopped by the lebanese army as terrorist was ready to blow up his 8kg suicide belt in a busy cafe .
staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways men can live longer
graffiti camp for girls is empowering girls through street art
german locals purchase town ' s entire beer supply ahead of far right music festival: " we wanted to dry the nazis out
' he will be our brother ' : us boy asks obama if he can adopt syrian boy who was injured after his home in aleppo , syria , was bombed .
derbyshire couple get married 65 years after split
bandit the bull freed from a life in tethers by austrian animal sanctuary worker .
hairdressers refuse to shave depressed teen ' s matted hair
robotic onesie assists babies at risk for cerebral palsy
teachers sing " the twelve days of christmas " to entertain students stressed out by exams
ariana grande visits injured fans from manchester bombing bbc news
99 year old man walks 6 miles a day to visit his wife in the hospital , proving true love does exist
rescued girl invites airman to jrotc ball
home depot employees build custom walker for 2 year old
6 year old applies for job at legoland as model builder with ' lots of experience '
south dakota high school golfer kate wynja has officially gone viral the sioux falls christian senior made headlines at the class a state meet earlier this week when she self reported a scorecard violation that cost her individual medalist honors and sfc the team title .
a 13 year old nicknamed " trash girl " by bullies for picking litter has changed schools after pupils assaulted her . nadia sparkes won international praise and awards for gathering litter on her journey to and from school , and refused to let the taunts deter her .
mcdonald ' s ' turned away ' homeless woman who asked for a cup of water so this guy stepped in
what tiny bhutan can teach the world about being carbon negative
chilean ' s biodegradable plastic bag dissolves in three minutes
incredible photos offer first glimpse of uncontacted amazon tribe
new measurement confirms the ozone is coming back
a 7 year old from maui is putting smiles on peoples faces as her recent performance makes the rounds on social media .
woman gives birth to baby using ovary frozen in her childhood in ' world first '
hollywood star keanu reeves has secretly been donating millions to kid ' s hospitals for years
mexican president elect lopez obrador slashes his salary by 60%
a beloved mail carrier retired and the whole neighborhood turned out to say goodbye
rival gang members work together to build a playground in troubled territory
a local fishermen with just usd 40 start a olive ridley conservation centre in bali indonesia
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan pledge $3 billion to cure all disease
tag , youre it ! artist banksy showed up at a school where the kids named a building after him , then painted them a mural and left them a thank you letter
man with disability travels the world on his friends ' backs
this life saving dog is getting the recognition he deserves
snow shoveling teens come to the rescue of man in distress
card appeal to bring cheer to britain ' s loneliest schoolboy
it is one of the most recognisable animals in the world and one of the most endangered , but a new census reveals the surviving mountain gorilla population has now risen above 1 , 000 . this represents a rise of 25% since 2010 in its heartland of the virunga massif in central africa .
thousands of students skip school to march through brussels streets pleading for stronger action against climate change .
plastic bags are out . plastic straws are on their way out . now hawaii lawmakers want to take things a big step further . theyre considering an outright ban on all sorts of single use plastics common in the food and beverage industry , from plastic bottles to plastic utensils to plastic containers .
deaf student creates more than 100 new signs for scientific terms
puppies give students purpose
china announces ban on ivory trade by end of 2017
7 year old saves his mothers life by walking in on her suicide attempt to give her " get well card
10 year old josh cochrane , yarmouth boy with autism to host stem cell drive for 1 year old leukemia patient , marlie curwin .
these once conjoined twins are headed home for christmas
a teacher read the fine print on her insurance policy . it won her $10 , 000 in a contest
family of a 5 year old boy with incurable cancer asks for birthday cards for his birthday . let ' s deliver !

dna test leads reunites korean american adoptees as long lost siblings
oil rig workers rescue dog 130mi from shore
50 states 50 lawns: college student embarks on road trip to help elderly , veterans
an artist is raising awareness of the declining honeybee population by painting 50 , 000 of them in murals all over the world
whole foods plans 100 rooftop solar systems
mystery stranger posts 100 and a note through cash strapped single mother ' s door so she can buy presents for her son .
organization donates 20 , 000 books to children in tucson
trinity river park: huge new 10 , 000 acre urban nature district for dallas " designed to restore and augment the citys floodplain . . . it will be one of the biggest urban green spaces in the country ( more than 10 times the size of central park in nyc ) .
us house votes overwhelmingly to bar us exit from nato
the nature conservancy and leonardo dicaprio foundation helped refinance the debt of the seychelles so that the country could create a new ocean refuge the size of great britain that will protect some of the world ' s most endangered marine life
sixteen rescued from seaworld ride hanging over a california bay in freezing temperatures .
' i cried ' : va . family hit by shutdown wins $100k in lottery
irish teenager wins global science award for removing microplastics from water
baby rhino found in indian forest nursed back to health .
world health organization believes one of the worlds most devastating diseases , polio could be eradicated within one year
when an arkansas man had trouble paying off the $1 , 700 fine he was sentenced to pay for vandalizing a mosque with a swastika , and faced a 6 year jail term for nonpayment , the mosque wrote the check to cover his fine from their renovation savings .
twenty three migrants have been rescued from boats in three separate incidents in the english channel .
girls with facial abnormalities find hope and comfort in ' wonder ' movie
missing 3 year old oakland boy found safe
woman fell for homeless alcoholic she met on the street now they ' re married with twins
back breaking worker gets rewarded with new car !
25 year old 911 operator meets baby she helped deliver over the phone
newlyweds share first dance on shut down u . s . 35
preschool inside seattle nursing home brings together old , young
isp trooper , family help stranded driver by bringing him home for thanksgiving , giving him a truck to get back home to louisiana from indiana
all the good news from 2017 that you probably didn ' t hear about
new york , vermont ban official travel to mississippi over lgbt law
big money joins fight against $1 trillion in wasted food
el paso shooting: man shocked as hundreds attend wife ' s funeral
trump set to legalize medical marijuana in all 50 states
update: dying veteran asks only for letters to read . send him one while you have a chance !
noahs ark except its a school bus: truck driver rescues 64 dogs and cats from floods of hurricane florence
sources: mlb eyes higher salaries in minors
man who raped and murdered 4 year old girl is publicly executed and hung from crane
we have to save the planet . so im donating $1 billion .
student feeds homeless for her birthday
a red footed booby that mistakenly flew to the uk has been nursed back to health and is being transported by plane to the cayman islands for the winter
abandoned as baby in a cardboard box , man meets biological father after 31 years
high school sweethearts reunite after more than 60 years , tie the knot
disabled high school senior in alabama marches in drumline for the first time with the help of his best friend
offshore wind farm increased tourism on block island
entire concert series cancelled on the jersey shore after a threatened shorebird best was discovered
growing up co op
baseball team rescues abandoned puppy , employs her as a bat dog
touching moment ups workers surprise their teenage colleague with a jeep after watching him walk 10 miles to and from work every day so he can make money for his sick mother
boy scouts add girls , drop the word ' boy , ' will be called scouts bsa
new gene therapy cancer treatment wipes dying girls leukaemia
8 year old with 3d printed hand throws 1st pitch at every mlb stadium
palestinian teen ahed tamimi has been freed by israel after eight months in jail in the occupied west bank .
bill mel &amp; buffet have saved 122 million lives
world ' s top fishing nations to be given millions to protect oceans: bloomberg philanthropies to launch major grant for coastal communities to improve the health of oceans
all medical schools in the us and canada are now completely free of the use of animals ( like dogs and pigs ) in medical training .
bee lover camilla turns her home into hivegrove ! duchess installs nine hives in her wiltshire garden
how a network of canadian truckers is reconnecting dog owners with lost pets
us gives $10mln to chernobyl fund on 30th anniversary of nuclear disaster
conjoined twins successfully separated
southwest flight to dallas turns back to seattle to drop off human heart left on board | airlines
shenandoah police ( texas ) name 10 year old cancer fighter ' honorary officer '
south african lions eat ' poacher ' , leaving just his head
at least 30 underage drinkers spent part of new year ' s day in wanaka writing essays for police in order to avoid $250 fines .
nicu volunteer donates a million dollars to local baby unit
pony left for dead in ditch 1 year ago is vets christmas miracle
orlando health , florida hospital won ' t bill pulse shooting victims
dozens of horses rescued from rising floodwaters near houston
facebook downgrades posts that promote miracle cures
traditional indian parents throw their son a huge gay hindu wedding
jayme closs was found after 3 months of being missing after her parents were murdered
reasons to be hopeful about the environment in 2019
french suburban men tired of gang stereotypes launch ' cook for refugees ' campaign
simple welder from bali , indonesia creates robot arm , hailed as ' real life iron man '
paramedics cultivate their garden for local food bank
west point is about to graduate its largest class of black women
dept . of energy announces $79 million for bioenergy research and development
baby got vax: sir mix a lot drops hot new public service announcement encouraging vaccinations , including the line " i like vaccines and i cannot lie
105 year old man sets record by cycling more than 14 miles in an hour
new technology to turn normal air and solar energy into avitation fuel
father delivers baby girl on highway 38 in subzero temperatures
scientists have found a plastic eating fungus in dump of islamabad .
terminally ill three year old boy with severe disabilities makes the most of life despite experiencing the worst of life
l . a . county to stop collecting old juvenile detention fees , erasing nearly $90 million of families ' debt
jordan: blind entrepreneur makes reading accessible for all through audio books
twins donate 50 stuffed animals to police to soothe other children
sesame street to help syrian refugees
police: jewish boys helped save man with swastika tattoo
male sea turtle hatchlings return to beaches despite climate change
virgin holidays stops selling tickets for captive whale and dolphin attractions
man reunited with dog stranded on mt . baldy after hiking accident
disney officially announces indiana jones 5 for 2019; steven spielberg and harrison ford will return
woman discovers a jug purchased as a souvenir is a 4500 year old relic . she returns it to its home country .
from failed bronx drug dealer to university of toronto sociologist
real life indiana jones tracks down a 1 , 600 year old mosaic stolen from cyprus
sick of stupid comedy tour a team of progressive , southern comedians join forces and launch tour aiming to provide " a voice of reason with a southern accent
california artist builds tinyhomes on wheels for homeless
new policy at portland ' s libraries: no more overdue fines for youth accounts or on youth library materials
climate crisis: satellites to monitor air pollution generated by every power station in the world too many power companies worldwide currently shroud their pollution in secrecy . . . we are about to lift that veil , says boss of firm backed by google
new caledonia has agreed to place 28 , 000 square kilometres of its ocean waters under protection , including some of the world ' s most pristine coral reefs .
how violinist lindsey stirling learned to be brave
wikileaks docs may have killed cia ability to operate
billionaire gives each employee $100 , 000 bonus
exxonmobil , world ' s largest publicly traded international oil and gas company , announced plans to achieve 15% reduction in methane emissions from its operations by 2020 . additionally , company also outlined plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by reducing flaring by 25% .
hundreds tread cornwall beach to mark final walk for 18yo whippet
i cross posted this here a couple weeks ago . thanks to all of you who contributed ! the outcome is awesome !
thai cave rescue ends with all 13 out
nepal set to double national tiger population
beatrice janyk credits vitamins , 12 hours of sleep a day and a busy mind for allowing her to donate blood regularly for most of the last 70 years . at 95 , canadian blood services says janyk is the countrys oldest blood donor . you betcha , till im 100 . ill be 96 in august .
cuba restores oldest jewish cemetery as havana is spruced up
anxious bride shares special moment with service dog how they found each other was adorable !
rejected christmas trees used as animal feed in stuttgart zoo: trees that no one wanted to take home for christmas have come in handy at one south german zoo .
66 y/o military vet and ex con spends 3 months cleaning up public park for free
thrift store in north carolina helps adults with disabilities find work . really touching !
ted founder richard saul wurman on the importance of curiosity
unlike more than 130 countries , ireland does not allow it ' s citizens who are abroad to vote on elections and referendums . after a vote by students unions uk universities are funding irish students to go home and vote on the upcoming referendum because voters should not be denied their right to vote .
hero dog saves the life of a stranded baby porpoise ntd . tv
sheepdog safely made a 240 mile trip journey home to his original owners after running away from his herding job on a farm .
a sweet story from a scots local newspaper but the real tale , according to a letter from my mother , is even better [long]
cancer patient angus little happy again as donations flood in after playstation theft
x post from r/news
michael phelps encourages the smashing of his previously held meet record .
the man who saves street cows on his motorbike
a new zealand cop used his own children ' s car seats to make sure two unrestrained youngsters got home safely after he pulled the father over for speeding .
olive ridley turtles hatch in mumbai beach for the first time in 20 years after massive beach clean up drive
illinois is expunging marijuana convictions from nearly 800 , 000 criminal records
irgc to build housing units for some quake hit people in western iran
terry ward of demotte , in | 1946 2018 | obituary
a 91 year old thai woman earns bachelor ' s degree after studying for over 10 years .
egypt expects the 1 . 6 gigawatt solar park it is building in the south of the country to be operating at full capacity in 2019 , the investment ministry said in a statement on sunday .
mother and son go from homeless to college
the indian state of kerala has declared that internet is a basic human right and that all citizens should have access to wifi
google has removed 7 stalkerware apps from its play store
england tuberculosis rates fall by a third since 2012
man gives reward to victim
tv anchor gets chills from single moms note detailing a strangers kindness
two orphans in africa , best friends , both adopted by families only one mile apart in arizona . they both remain friends and are now starting college together
the walt disney company and wildlife conservation networks lion recovery fund announce the lion king protect the pride campaign
the uk went two whole weeks without burning coal for electricity .
jack russell terrier " jaegermeister " rescued and reunited with owner after 3 hours at sea
solar power deal will lower social tenants ' energy bills
a team of doctors in papua new guinea have converted a boat into an operating theater and are performing free eye and dental surgery on the villagers in the area
sick dog reunited with melbourne owners after microchip breakthrough
while in line at a hardware store , a man pointed out a mole on a strangers back . turns out he was right it was a malignant melanoma and he quite probably saved her life .
i want to help people ' : vancouver bottle collector donates around $15k to b . c . cancer foundation
a man with autism , behaving violently , winds up in the er . the officers on duty respond by singing and dancing .
married for nearly 60 years , a grandfather opens up a museum of love to keep alive the memories of his late wife , who was his high school sweetheart
thousands of strangers rally to help wife send husband to us for life saving treatment . more still needed
florida state receiver eats lunch with autistic boy sitting alone
85 year old marathoner is so fast that even scientists marvel
the vatican ' s all woman magazine was censored from reporting on priests raping nuns . the entire staff of the magazine just quit in protest .
80 year old turkish woman takes up judo
new hybrid plant combines batteries with gas turbine to cut pollution 60%
left without a ride , baseball fan rides motorized wheelchair on highway to get to the game , local law enforcement makes sure she got there safe
12 year old girls will no longer be able to get married in virginia
6 year old with rare condition smiles for the first time after innovative surgery: ' it ' s amazing '
china pledges to strengthen climate plan by 2020
woody faircloth , denver , co , is fixing up old rvs for families who lost their homes to california ' s worst wildfire [camp fire , paradise , ca] " if we have a platform to help , we have to keep helping , " said faircloth , whose group has so far given more than 65 rvs to camp fire survivors .
blind staffie amos has own guide dog who never leaves his side
indias forest cover increasing , better than world average , says union environment secretary times of india
we now have first direct proof that the ozone hole is shrinking
cars in underground car park crushed as it floods and polystyrene floor expands
californias wildflower super bloom is so prolific you can see it from space
parent tries to complain to singaporean chinese principal that they dont want smelly indian tutor , only to be chased out with a broom
in 1871 , antonio meucci was so poor he could not afford to pay $10 to renew his telephone patent . 130 years later , congress votes a resolution crediting him as the true inventor of the telephone and that bell stole it from him
student with autism who rarely speaks gives inspirational graduation speech
texas brothers reunite with birth mother after 47 years
black panther star chadwick boseman reveals denzel washington paid for him to study at oxford
cat with malformed legs gets 2 , 000 adoption requests
the year is 2068: urban cities have become urban jungles , where the air is no longer toxic . the planet is entirely powered by renewable energy , plastic continents are converted to biomimetic architecture , energy is entirely decentralized . these elements are always in balance now: nature and progress
protection efforts help mountain gorilla population grow
las vegas shooting survivor says she was saved by marine she met hours earlier
for 20 years , a man has been drawn to this bridge . now the community is helping to bring him home .
' little boxes ' in burlington offer socks , hats and goodwill
a reminder that people in this country are decent people
apparently , a majority of gen z kids are worried about the planet and want to make a difference . " they are more than tech savvy , digital minds addicted to screens: they are on a mission to save the world .
japanese millionaire wins auction for most expensive piece of american art , intends to loan it to museums around the world
tiger population nearly doubles in nepal
burn victim becomes prom queen one year after surviving horrific accident
hate to break it to you , but billions of people can see uranus tonight
ikea will make products out of plants to combat air pollution
many more republicans now believe in climate change
michigan local musician saved by community
father at stanford genome technology centre invents nanofabricated device in an effort to cure his sick son ( and 20 million people worldwide )
chibok girls: second schoolgirl rescued nigerian army
jason priestley says he punched harvey weinstein in the face at a 1995 golden globes party
illinois house passes sweeping abortion rights bill after emotional floor debate
texas passes law that gives $500 fine to anyone who sends an unsolicited nude photo to someone without asking
hey ! bee movie 2 is coming out !
all 12 boys , and their coach , have been rescued from a cave in thailand .
asda shopper handed an envelope of cash as random act of kindness
indiana teen graduating from college before getting high school diploma
palestinians send four firefighting teams to help put out israeli wildfires
lion cub rescued from 80 foot well near indian village
harry potter star emma watson leaves books on london underground
mmr vaccine does not cause autism , another study confirms
cancer deaths are decreasing
million joined brexit protest , organisers say
police: 84 neglected great danes seized , most from mansion
college fundraiser planned for local hero , track star sean english , who lost a leg ( and his athletic scholarship ) helping car crash victims
pit bull saves new york family from gas leak in home .
pilot treats passengers to burgers after 2 . 5 hour flight delay
scientists grow replacement skin for boy suffering devastating genetic disorder: seven year old boy suffering illness causing untreatable wounds over 80% of his body has had his skin replaced by new , genetically modified epidermis .
scientists find a " juliet " for water frog named romeo , once thought to be the last of his kind in the world
96 year old becomes oldest usc graduate
ed whitlock , 85 , is a new world record holder after the english born canadian finished the toronto waterfront marathon in under four hours .
internet comes together to support family of 5 after house fire in wyoming , mn
rodney smith jr . is traveling to all 50 states mowing lawns for the elderly , disabled , single moms and vets for free
paypal is providing interest free cash advances for federal employees not getting paid
when this family became millionaires overnight , their true colors came out
three years after fukushima research suggest that flying insects , pollinators , and their ecosystem services were not critically impacted " ( x post from r/science )
paramedics grant dying man ' s sundae wish
custom designed wetsuit helps feather challenged penguin grow his feathers back .
lawyers embracing the good fight for solar power: the sabin center for climate change law at columbia university and the law firm arnold and porter have founded the pro bono renewable energy legal defense initiative to support renewable energy development with professional legal help .
world ' s biggest wildlife reserve planned for antarctica in global campaign: vast 1 . 8m sq km fishing free zone would protect species , such as penguins , leopard seals and whales , and help mitigate the effects of climate change .
good samaritans lift up car to save people trapped in crash
man in a bulletproof bmw saves 70 people from isis snipers
11 year old hacks mock florida voting website; wants to use hacking to help people
idaho dog named town ' s ' hometown hero '
good news about sea creatures is a welcome change .
tom daley announces baby news
breakthrough in fip research
surgeons transplant hep c infected kidneys , then cure the virus
pakistan christian asia bibi has arrived in canada , lawyer confirms
survivor found in nairobi rubble woman pulled out alive from ruins of nairobi residential building six days after it collapsed in heavy rains
aleppo evacuation update: saudi arabian king launches fundraising campaign for syria , raises $50 million
huntington beach burger shop gives mentally disabled workers a chance to shine boardwalk fresh burgers and fries
omran daqneesh , aleppo ' s bloodied boy , shown in new images bbc news
indian youtube singer has tearful reunion after 40 years
girl who lost family in fire has 1 wish: christmas cards
hundreds of protesters force anti korean event to be canceled near tokyo: hundreds of protesters forced the cancellation of an event apparently targeting ethnic korean residents of japan in kawasaki on sunday , exactly two years since the enforcement of the country ' s anti hate speech law .
a third of electricity generated in the uk last year was renewable , with 17 per cent produced by wind farms
hero dog fetches help for girls struck by lightning
bernie sanders is writing a guide to political revolution , for teens
rapper , 22 , travels 1 , 000 miles to meet 81 year old woman he befriended playing online word game
california officer recovers special needs girl ' s tricycle
a soup kitchen disguised as a restaurant is making a big difference in kansas city
police in alaska capital city launch 2017 kindness campaign
this food kiosk at the halifax airport relies on customer honesty to pay
internet strangers help st . george dad recover lullaby from wife who died giving birth hey reddit , you made the news
leonardo da vinci designed an ideal city that was centuries ahead of its time
lonely adelaide fisher goes fishing after viral post
72 year old carillon student finds a whole new groove ' lifelong learning is , i think , the secret to lifelong youth . '
wisconsin mom sews unique dolls for kids who " need something that looks like they do
google rebrands adwords , releases indexing api , url inspector tool &amp; speed update new details
unsubsidized wind and solar now the cheapest source for new electric power [x post from /r/worldnews]
bryan silva was arrested
how amsterdam plans to power a city of electric cars
a teen needed a stable home to make the kidney transplant list . so his teacher took him in
instagram pays $10 , 000 reward to 10 year old finnish hacker bbc news
baseball player surprises parents by paying off their debt on christmas .
suburban chicago police officer gives homeless man shoes off his own feet
italians take pizza skills to palestine
the future looks bright ! !
high school organizes walk out to promote compassion , kindness , and community interaction
military veteran gets surprise homecoming a half century after returning from war: almost 50 years after he returned from war , a vietnam veteran is finally getting the homecoming he deserved and the story begins with a pair of lost dog tags .
' he ' s the one who saved me ' : rescue dog saves n . b . woman having seizure
good charlotte to headline benefit concert for 5 slain capital gazette employees
the man who planted a forest: jadav payeng
indian cop sprints 1 km with 10kg bomb to save 400 school kids .
team 21 studio uses virtual reality gaming to help veterans
we are trying to teach high school students and middle school students how to perform hands only cpr , which requires students to give compressions at 100 beats per minute . what songs would you add to this list of 40 to help people remember a beat with 100 beats per minute ?
young orphaned gorillas: see their adorable bond with park rangers
syria photographer takes action instead of pictures , picks up injured boy
tool using crow: rare bird joins clever animal elite
diocese of sacramento offering free tuition to more than 36 private catholic schools for students displaced by the camp fire
police officer pulls over ice cream truck to cheer up little girl
woman arrested for allegedly tossing bag of puppies into trash bin . puppies are ok .
denver clinic plans to fix 10 , 000 more cats free , no strings attached
india has achieved 20 gw ( giga watt ) cumulative solar capacity , achieving the milestone four years ahead of the target for 2022 originally set in the national solar mission .
heated exchange as knysna homeowner gets attempted burglar to battle blaze
program helps released inmates get back on track
previously unknown ' supercolony ' of 1 . 5m penguins discovered in antarctica ' s remote danger islands
7 year old girl with dravet syndrome , gets medicinal cannabis licence
24 news stories too hopeful for the media to report them | cracked . com
rhino poaching is decreasing in south africa
washington , d . c just passed a historic bill mandating 100 percent renewable power by 2032
starbucks says it will hire 10 , 000 refugees worldwide in next 5 years
trans teen crowned at high school prom following classmate petition to remove ban against him competing
nasas mars 2020 rover passes its tests with flying colors
indian woman donates rs . ~250k to the temple where she begs .
fyre festival victim sharing $200 , 000+ donations with the thousands of workers that weren ' t paid
dog walkers could become the next crime fighters in des moines
mystery person buys $1m worth of remaining toys at toys ' r ' us store to donate to kids
teens stranded at sea cried out to god for help . then a boat named " amen " rescued them
mother writes loving letter before cancer surgery and is discovered by daughter after she passed away . beautiful .
saudi arabia donates billions to aid yemens reconstruction
adidas sponsored players on the team that wins the fifa womens world cup this year will receive the same performance bonus payments as their male counterparts , the sportswear company said on friday .
rural manitoba police rescue litter of puppies hidden deep underground by mom
officers buy kids new basketball hoop: when 3 officers saw kids playing basketball with just a deformed hoop and no backboard , the 3 went and bought a new goal with their money , brought it to the station , and in between calls they assembled the goal for a surprise the kids will never forget .
tenants rewrite dallas rental housing code now the strongest in texas !
scientists discover diabetes is five separate diseases and that treatment should be specifically tailored to each form . this is a huge step toward the success of future treatments .
watch syrian women burn their burqas being freed from isis in raqqa
villagers knit colourful jumpers to keep rescue elephants warm in near freezing temperatures .
metro detroit woman gets 3 life saving kidney transplants from father , husband , son
phages make a medical comeback to fight antibiotic resistant bacteria
britains loneliest dog hector finally finds home
paul newman ' s daughter clea carries on his charitable legacy . clea newman can ' t remember a time when her father , paul newman , wasn ' t making a difference in the world in some way .
walmart is hiring truck drivers , and will pay them nearly $90k
aussie man has an emotional reunion with his dog who he feared was dead after being trapped in a capsized boat for several hours
police called on ohio 12 year old cutting neighbor ' s grass; now his business is booming
the americas have been declared free of endemic measles after a rigorous six year review , making it the first region in the world to achieve the feat .
woman born with severe facial deformity gets ' happy ending ' wedding
canada man missing for 30 years found after remembering identity
defying parents , a teen decides to get vaccinated
105 year old frenchman sets cycling record
riley howell , the 21 year old who lost his life tackling the uncc gunman , will be buried with military honors
grandma julie has spent thousands on saving wombats
volunteers turn plastic bags into sleeping mats for homeless at winnipeg church
' street medicine ' practitioner makes house calls for the homeless
holiday inn owner to ditch mini shampoos to save seas from excess plastic waste
green beret becomes living donor to save his little nephews life
hero boy to be granted citizenship after alerting police to italy school bus attack
12 year old girl saves little sister by outsmarting carjacker . " i just went for it . nothing passed my mind except: he is a psycho and he needs to get out of the car ' '
20 images that ' ll help restore your faith in humanity
snake enthusiast ' s venom habit holds hope for new antidote: if successful , it would be the first human derived anti venom made from a donor who has injected himself with different snake venoms
20 us states sue trump over indefinite detention of migrant children
squatchy ' s bbq rebuilds from the ashes , strangers donate $28k to salem military family
nurse adopts girl who had no visitors during 5 month hospital stay
prague bans plastic cups at music festivals
i missed my nap for this: 101 year old sprinter breaks 100 meter dash record
hooray for bystander cpr &amp; public access aeds !
at this school , teacher gives microsoft word lessons on blackboard
my disabled son the nobleman , the philanderer , the detective fascinating article about a severely disabled man who managed to have a whole community mourn his death to the surprise of his parents through wow
paul beatty wins man booker prize 2016 | books
how one 10 year old ' s message of hope is inspiring girls across the world
organ donors family meet recipients a year after death
5 years after struggling to get acceptance signed by dad , woman graduates from u . s . naval academy
injured frog airlifted from remote area to cairns frog hospital , recovering well
' a new room in the great pyramid ' : lost 1963 john coltrane album discovered an album of previously unheard original compositions by the legendary jazz saxophonist has been discovered , 55 years after its recording
woo hoo ! finally got a donation !
community helps to find dog lost in snow for 10 days
penticton nurse creates " babies of sanikiluaq " calender to support 25 babies born in a small nunavut , canada village and their families .
family celebrates 7 year old ' s sickle cell cure thanks to sister ' s life saving gift
wages to rise again in san antonio
rising fame: experts herald canadian woman ' s 120 year old sourdough starter
gamer raises $30 , 000 for trans charity mermaids by playing donkey kong non stop
canadians create gofundme for kevin durante ' s charity to apologize for poor sportsmanship .
wiser from his past , a former gang member in nicaragua helps at risk kids
british researchers have found a way to use a natural protein to repair damaged heart tissue .
ex squaddie is hailed a hero for saving four strangers in two years from heart attacks to drowning victims
schoolgirl makes up care package backpacks for winter rough sleepers
deadpool helps kids cope with cancer
google meets its 100% renewable energy goal
baby fox rescued from sewer gets a nice bath
oregon man reunited with lost 23k life savings , thanks to workers at a recycling facility
california firefighters rescue kittens from storm drain
worlds biggest vertical farm near nyc to use 95% less water aerofarms is on track to produce 2 million pounds of food per year in its 70 , 000 square foot facility in newark , " with yields 75 times higher per square foot annually " than traditional agricultural approaches .
teen who wanted hundreds of girls to feel special and beautiful offers them surprise valentines day gift
photo captures sweet moment at noblesville , in mcdonalds
spider man of paris will get french citizenship after rescuing child dangling from balcony
woman reunited with officers who saved her from freezing waters of detroit river
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban loaned the team plane to point guard j . j . barea to transport food , water and supplies to barea ' s native puerto rico to aid in the recovery from hurricane maria .
why the world is better than you think in 10 powerful charts ( x post from /r/futurology )
boy , 7 , raced down busy highway on bicycle to find help after his dad went into diabetic shock
let ' s turn this story into an even more uplifting news story . tennessee kid beating the odds would like a card from each state to celebrate a birthday doctors thought he ' d never have
canadian woman finally meets her australian pen pal after nearly 60 years of friendship
utep president honors campus officer who saved her life
we taught bees to play football so we could learn about their brains
chinese man low on funds cycles 500km in wrong direction to get home , police help pay for his train ticket back home
paris bans 2 . 7 million vehicles to combat air pollution
michigan pastor sleeping in tent outside for 175 days in support of people " being forced out of our church and into the cold .
bystanders lift pickup off man pinned after st . paul crash
tampa elects first out lesbian mayor , ex police chief jane castor
the st . louis blues team up with puppies for a good cause
' traumatised ' iraqi children party after escape from islamic state rule
michigan teen delivers dying man his favorite pizza in indiana
single dad walking 11 miles to work each day surprised with car purchased by his ups coworkers
allen iverson has been helpinging to reduce crime in richmond , va
division iii tennis team unanimously agrees to change date of match so opponent ' s best player can attend before serving country .
recycling food waste: a precinct in melbourne , australia reduces rubbish by 90%
egg boy " just donated $100k to christchurch victims
17 year old earns one of twelve perfect scores ( out of 302 , 532 test takers worldwide ) on ap calculus exam; dad works as a janitor , mom works two jobs .
courthouse dog puts children , the vulnerable at ease
trappist 1 solar system found by nasa , earth like planets could support life
detroit makes community college free
metal band brings blind fan on stage for first ever stage dive !
home depot supplied my brothers ' and me with material and space to build casket for our brother who just passed away .
boy donates his life savings to homeless shelter
ebay founder pierre omidyar commits $100m to fight ' fake news ' and hate speech
iowa supreme court decision limits wrongful seizures
how some middle school children act when parents arent around
man cut in half by truck but not killed , pleaded with passers by " if any organ in my body can be donated , please donate it " . his eyes were harvested and are currently waiting for a recipient .
nj boy who saved mom receives huge honor
children ' s choir performance of traditional arabic song leaves viewers in tears
gas plant moved 30 , 000 australian native animals to safety during construction .
' i ' ve been given my sight back ' two people with severe vision loss due to a degenerative eye disease are able to read after embryonic stem cell treatment .
five rhinos born in european zoos are heading to africa
simple holiday joy/fun: turn my friend ' s christmas lights on and off !
cop pays thief ' s tab for stolen birthday cake ingredients . " what you do when no one is looking , that ' s the character of someone .
the us just elected 8 new scientists to congress , including an ocean expert , a nurse , and a biochemist
jewish muslim partnership seeks to sponsor syrian refugees in toronto
woman ' s act of kindness for blind cubs fan goes viral
little girl mistakes bride for cinderella , and the internet wants to send her to disney world
how jon potter became the modern day mr . rogers of the pittsburgh internet
volunteers help flood survivors restore irreplaceable photos .
kitten rescued from highway barrier adopted by officer
once extinct , world ' s last wild horse returns to russian steppes
ahmadiyya muslim community continues to serve despite fears of persecution in frederick
there may be a way to boost the activity of a hormone linked to love and sex , british researchers report . the naturally occurring hormone is called kisspeptin . it stimulates the release of other reproductive hormones inside the body , the research team said .
teen girl sent by boko haram rips off suicide vest , refuses to bomb refugee camp ( x post from r/worldnews )
former nba champion rick fox on encouraging his son to pursue his passion: i came from a basketball world . kyle , hes not a basketball player . hes a gamer . i tell him all the time , its no different .
i feel more alive: wisconsin television viewers ' generosity helps man get debilitating keloids removed after insurance denial
clemson , auburn lead u . s . higher education effort to save wild tiger populations
bill clinton reunites with a ugandan teenager who was named after him
scientists have improved a naturally occurring enzyme which can digest some of our most commonly polluting plastics .
blind liverpool fan can now watch the football thanks to vision helmet
city isp makes broadband free because state law prohibits selling access
singer john legend donates $5k to help cover seattles school lunch debt
5 year old louisiana girl saves blind grandmother from fire
quadriplegic man qualifies to compete in 2017 hawaiian ironman event
saudi woman drives formula one car to mark end of ban
canadian woman asks drunk driver who hit her to join her in speaking at schools
93 year old makes first hole in one in 65 years of golfing
pod escapes from facility in town infamous for bloody dolphin slaughters
31 minors , all girls aged 13 17 , were rescued in an anti child trafficking sting operation undertaken by the haitian national police on sunday . among the arrested were 9 adults , foreigners , including missionaries among them
today 2018/11/13 is purple tuesday the uk ' s first accessible shopping day is aimed at improving the shopping experience for disabled shoppers .
man who rescued toddler graduates veterans treatment court
aussie company donates special cattle feed supplement to struggling asian farmers
police officer who saved boy from drowning meets him as a grown man
reddit users help feds nab graffiti vandal who defaced us national parks
all european scientific publicly funded articles to be freely accessible by 2020
the bull city stand down connects hundreds of local veterans with services such as eye exams , vaccines and legal help . the event helps veterans , many of whom are homeless or living in temporary housing , get basic needs like toiletries , teeth cleaning or extractions , or even just a quick shave .
stray dog gets adopted by an athlete runner after finishing a seven day 250 kilometer race .
man spends retirement years rescueing cats stuck in trees .
man , down on his luck , wins $50k lotto prize
badgers , stoats and otters stage incredible revival britains carnivore numbers are booming after clampdown on hunting and pollution
lithuania wants the tesla gigafactory 2 , so they built one in minecraft
what this 13 year old entrepreneur can teach you about setting up for success
lawn signs with welcoming message pop up around winnipeg
little girl born deaf in afghanistan hears sound for the first time after mount sinai ' s generous surgery
3 women stop possible rape after they notice a man spiking a girls drink . they told her discretely and ensured she was safe before the police arrived .
professionals are donating their time &amp; knowledge to help organizations that are committed to doing good
its never too late to exercise , new study of over 300 , 000 individuals found that becoming physically active later in adulthood ( 40 61 years of age ) may provide comparable health benefits being active throughout life time .
girl who killed her sex trafficker is granted clemency by tennessee governor .
goodwill santa hands out cash to strangers to honor his mother
surfer laird hamilton helps rescue family stranded by hawaii storms
kitkat victim gives back .
ariana grande fans can register to vote at her sweetener world tour concerts
storm pours 4 . 3 billion gallons into lake tahoe
grateful bills fans donate more than $100 , 000 to andy dalton ' s foundation
superhero pitbull saves owner twice
taylor swift just gave a major donation to a fan whose mother is in a coma
positive thinking cuts your risk of early death by 71%
big issue vendor marrying woman he gave 50p for electricity
guy sending out tennis balls in remembrance of his best friend . hoping people use the tennis ball to spend time with their dogs .
jobs surge in april , unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969
giant coral reef in protected area shows new signs of life
how this son of migrant farm workers became an astronaut
police officer gives his pokemon card collection to a kid who who had his stolen
epic games chief pays $15m to protect 7 , 000 acres of north carolina wilderness
couple buys 1 , 000 liters of water to help stuck drivers
un world food programme restores full rations to syrian people thanks to unprecedented donor support
heartwarming story about how temporary art becomes permanent attraction thanks to an intervening neighbor
old toys get donated limbs to teach kids about organ transplants
mexico is sending aid to texas even as trump insults them
optimism is lowest in people ' s twenties , rises steadily into people ' s thirties and forties , peaks in people ' s fifties , and gradually declines after that , suggests new research ( n=1 , 169 ) that charts the trajectory of optimism over the lifespan , which found people experienced peak optimism at age 55 .
implant lets paralysed man ' play guitar ' . in a world first , a quadriplegic man can once again move his fingers after a chip was implanted in his brain . ian burkhart from ohio in the us can even move individual fingers to play a guitar based computer game .
singapore aids the philippines in its wildlife preservation
mma fighter justin wren left the octagon , fighting slavery and oppression in africa . wren helped dig wells for clean water , grow &amp; harvest food , buy back land that was taken from the pygmy people . he ' s replanting trees in the areas deforested by companies seeing to exploit minerals there .
the board of trustees at dartmouth aim to protect undocumented students , keeping dartmouth as a sanctuary university .
big u turn: key melting greenland glacier is growing again
single mothers create successful support network to help each other with solo parenting
german coal mining could end by 2030s , says merkels coalition negotiator leader of north rhine westphalia , who is leading the cdu ' s coalition talks on energy , said mines across germany could be closed by the decade after next
im a teacher , not a student . fresno teacher has a clever plan to stop the confusion
kentucky judge proves that you can show compassion while still doing a tough job
anthony mancinelli is the oldest practicing barber in the us . he turned 106 this week .
burlington woman wins fight to save the weed that ' s home to endangered butterflies
transgender no longer recognised as ' disorder ' by who
florida police rescue dog from septic drain
hong kong votes to ban domestic ivory sales
south korea bans plastic bags at supermarkets
boy leaves heartbreaking note on toy panda his mum couldn ' t afford to buy him . now he ' s going to hong kong to meet one in real life
anti poaching drive brings siberias tigers back from brink " the world lost 97% of its tiger population in a little over a century , but last year , wwf reported that global numbers in the wild had risen from 3 , 200 in 2010 to about 3 , 900 in 2016 " [x post from /r/worldnews]
twitter and facebook crack down on accounts linked to chinese campaign against hong kong
as of april 28th , 2018 , india has spread electricity to every single village
she was pregnant while they escaped the las vegas concert shooting . now this couple welcomed their baby into the world
ex scientology member sues church and its leader alleging abuse , human trafficking
woman stuck in 4 hour traffic jam goes into labor and delivers her baby in the hospital parking lot
disney adds another university to their program that offers employees free tuition
man paid elderly couples bill , had no idea it was their 50th anniversary
hull city fan in tribute shirt thanks liverpool fc fans for support
meet the 23 year old inventor helping people with disabilities by creating affordable prosthetic devices
a man and his dog who were trapped by deep snow in their vehicle in oregon for five days survived by eating taco sauce
remember when prince kicked kim kardashian off stage ?
extraordinary coincidence reunites migrant girl , 4 , who was abandoned by family friend , with her mother
orlando hospitals say they won ' t bill victims of pulse nightclub shooting
amazing scientific reasons behind indian traditions
a woman facing homelessness while caring for her mom wins a $390 , 000 jackpot
5 turkish women turn rize flat into stray kitten nursery
losing her husband to dementia , woman has bridal gown made into a quilt
audible eggs help blind and visually impaired kids have easter fun
love on the front line: ' yellow wedding ' a neon silver lining in a time of crisis
grieving grandfathers gift to toddler goes viral
single father walks 11 miles to work to provide for baby daughter , co workers buy him a car
florida police officer gives himself a citation for running a red light
cancer patient receives new car after her vehicle was stolen .
family stuck in flooded truck meets hero who saved baby ' s life
free tampons in school bathrooms ? a 14 year old girl made it happen
sideline doc supports warrior games
lebron james ' school crushing expectations , huge gains in test scores
heroic dog saves sleeping deputy constable from texas house fire
robotic limbs read the mind of its wearer
recovery from a caribbean coral bleaching event
texas officer donates therapy dog to family of fallen taylor police officer
london university bans beef
i believe in the power of goodness: a perspective from a peace builder in the us
vietnamese refugees reunite with rescuers after decades of searching
whatsapp powered toy connects kids fighting cancer to their loved ones
girl and her dog both get new prosthetic limbs
alex trebek in near remission after cancer treatment
the true story of the first president of botswana and the english woman he fell in love with
nonprofit works to break skid row cycle for homeless youth
watching david attenborough documentaries just as good for you as mindfulness , study finds
' making a murderer ' s ' brendan dassey released from prison
hungry baby gets milk on train after sos tweet
the mysterious case of the cat that disappeared and showed up 700 miles away
all along the watchtower " w/ 3 amputated fingers on fret hand
teens working out of a national park in nova scotia build birchbark canoe
britain ' s oldest ballerina , 71 , passes her grade 6 exam
first responders surprise teen with autism after only 2 friends show up to his birthday party
little girl waves at the garbage man every thurs . her secret wish is to meet him and thank him for smiling , honking , and waving back every thursday . when they finally meet , he confesses he rushes out early every thurs to make sure he can smile , honk , and wave at her before she leaves for the day .
sc firefighters nurse dehydrated hummingbird back to health
the worlds biggest project to eradicate a dangerous invasive species has been declared a success , as the remote island of south georgia is now clear of the rats and mice that had devastated its wildlife for nearly 250 years .
filippo magnini: italian olympic swimming star saves drowning newly wed
arianna ' s joy as she ' s reunited with lost ipod that holds the only pictures of her late mom
africans are fighting media poverty porn by tweeting beautiful images of their real lives
a resurrected gene may protect elephants from cancer: researchers found 20 cancer fighting genes , compared with just one for humans and other mammals
israel will ban the sale of gasoline &amp; diesel vehicles after 2030 after that date , all passenger cars will be electric and all trucks will be powered by electricity or compressed natural gas . a final decision is expected by the end of this year .
sharks now protected no matter where they swim: 126 countries sign pact in order to try to end the killing of 100 million sharks every year .
a cannabis marketing company is bringing pot parties to the elderly
and now , the really big coal plants begin to close: old , small plants were the early retirees , but several of the biggest u . s . coal burnersand co2 emitters will be shuttered by years end
canuck , vancouvers most famous crow , is now a federally protected bird
what steph curry taught me about manhood and stability
micropreemie who weighed 11 ounces at birth is going home from the hospital
two women lost at sea for five months on small sailboat rescued
student born without hands wins handwriting award
language barrier doesn ' t keep socal kids from becoming friends
another crack in the glass ceiling: women of the world celebrate for small wins of the ladies of saudi arabia
a depressed person texted the wrong number thinking it was the crisis line and the response was pleasantly surprising
boy , 13 , builds braille printer with legos , starts company
halo 5 makers honor well known halo community member ' s daughters ( who were tragically lost to an electrical fire ) by giving everyone a free " true light " emblem and making the girls ' names visible in the night sky on a new multiplayer map .
snow in texas is pretty cool for children seeing it for the first time
dads adopt 6 siblings who spent 5 years in foster care
a kindhearted texas mother has touched thousands of hearts after taking in a homeless man she passed everyday to help him rebuild his life .
how a truck driver turned a stressful traffic bind into a ' heartwarming ' one
an aussie dentist ' s two weeks in timor leste checking 1 , 200 mouths
same sex couple from india and pakistan win netizens with their stunning photos
cat thought to be dead found 120 miles away from home
a gofundme page for parkland shooting victims raises more than $100 , 000 in one day .
community college launches free food pantry initiative on campus to address food insecurity issues for students
greggs driver stranded on motorway decides everyone needs a free doughnut
18 dogs from texas ready for adoption . four days and more than 2 , 000 miles with 18 dogs: a typically 35 hour drive turned into 50 because of potty breaks and walks .
french beggar saves bakers life , gets a job and a bakery
in the search for solace after the tragic orlando shooting , a photograph shows exactly 49 birds flying over an orlando shooting victims memorial .
a peptide from an australian funnel web spider has been found to kill both human melanoma cells and cancerous tasmania devil facial tumours that are threatening the survival of the species
fans cheer up christen press by tweeting her pictures of dogs after missing her pk
80% of britons ' proud of their work ' , whilst 66% " enjoy going to work most days
true retriever: dog plucks flailing man from river
human golden retriever to be given ice cream
' seeing eye camel ' acts as guide for blind horse at zoo
sabarimala temple: india ' s top court revokes ban on women
1 , 600 scientists rebuke cern physicist over gender bias
one legged man from my hometown picks oranges to earn a living , doesn ' t believe in hand outs .
an implanted brain chip is helping nathan copeland feel his fingers for the first time in a decade .
soldier reunited with his dog best friend from iraq .
shimla: police walk for 3 hours in snow carrying a pregnant woman to hospital
in solidarity with muslims , new zealand jewish community shut synagogues on shabbat for first time in history
how a mongolian heavy metal band got millions of youtube views
couple ' s photo series finds humor in their struggle with infertility
cuba drastically reforms fishing laws to protect coral reef , sharks and rays | environment
scientists reverse brain damage in drowned u . s toddler
boston police unveil newest addition to fleet: an ice cream truck .
cash strapped r . kelly has a balance of negative $13 in his bank account
tucson man uses cpr technique learned from tv show " the office
colin kaepernick wins sports illustrated ' s muhammad ali legacy award
new zealander wins $15m in lotto , honours pact to give half to his mate and fills family ' s christmas stockings
jail to job: nyc to find work for released inmates
historic locomotive loaned to tennessee children ' s hospital to help brighten their days
how the world can learn a lot from a six year old
worlds largest owl spotted in utah for the 1st time in nearly 30 years
anything you can do ! gorilla copies keeper
tempe woman who saved abused puppy gets to take dog home
anonymous donor drops $1200 gold coin in salvation army bucket
this pair of 90 year olds went viral after adorable blind date: " it ' s not easy , making connections as a senior , but we need it .
syrian refugees: " it feels like we never left our families back in syria because of the warm welcome we received in scotland .
uk ' eliminates measles ' for first time
nurse donates breast milk to support mothers battling cancer
how social media helped free a ' chained ' woman after 8 years
colorado becomes first state to limit insulin prices regardless of supply
4 year old with rare brain cancer becomes honorary police officer
japanese women ' s breast size boasts 40 years of continued growth
firefighters replace girl ' s desk destroyed by fire
five years later , the mars curiosity rover is still taking some great photos
cop surprises shoplifter by paying for her allegedly stolen birthday cake ingredients
high school grad reunited with class ring , 50 years after it was lost in a snowball fight
a dishwasher becomes a partner in one of the worlds greatest restaurants
the new zealand public have crowdsourced $2million to buy back a private section of beach and gift it to the department of conservation , opening it up to the public .
texans ' j . j . watt delivers new jerseys to boy hit by car
hate crimes drop in canada for first time in years
woman ends up adopting a dog she had to give up as a child
florida shooting: students defy transparent school bags rule
kindergarteners celebrate deaf custodian ' s birthday with happy birthday ' in sign language
british diver who helped rescue thai soccer team is himself rescued from cave in tennessee
widow , 92 , wins deportation battle following social media campaign
dying dutch girl ' s last wish fulfilled as thousands of cards ( 33 . 000 ) from well wishers arrive at her house
fbi helps crack a 4 , 000 year old case
dad ' overwhelmed ' by breast milk
goodwill opens home for homeless veterans
motorists pulled over in georgia get holiday surprise
nigerians dominate scrabble tournaments using five letter word strategy
alabama employee gets new car from boss after 20 mile walk
u . s . greenhouse emissions fell in 2017 as coal plants shut
jon stewart turned his 45 acre farm into an animal sanctuary to rescue abused factory farm animals
miracle twins kept each other alive by holding hands while still in the womb
olympic high jumper paralyzed by freak injury now hopes to walk down aisle at wedding
video | jefferson county judge allows inmate to meet 1 month old son for first time
anti vaxxers banned from raising money on gofundme
chobani ceo surprises employees with ownership stake in the company
the australian state of victoria has become the nation ' s first to legalise assisted dying . the landmark legislation was approved after more than 100 hours of gruelling debate including two all night sittings .
this startup has created modern , customizable furniture entirely from trash
caught on cam: bear cub rescued from dumpster
raising minimum wage reduces suicide
cambodian refugee again defends his title as new zealand ' s best pie baker
man buys chair , finds old photo album hidden inside and tracks down the owner
new york transit museum fosters passion for trains in kids with autism
woman drops wedding but can ' t duck $30 , 000 dinner tab so gives indiana homeless feast
imagine a better st . louis: non profits donating books to parents of newborns
us median household income +3 . 2% to all time high , us poverty drops 5 . 8%
policewoman saves baby ' s life after pulling parents over for jumping red lights .
nearly 20 hour raccoon rescue took ' tremendous heart '
47 years after firefight , vietnam vet gets his buddy a purple heart " this is simply a story of two best friends , forged in war , and separated by tragedy . both men lived 47 years with their own demons from the vietnam war , both believing that the other was dead .
staff at small animal shelter ' blown away ' by $275 , 000 gift
lego creates anti lego slippers to end 66 years of horrible pain | bored panda
africas first electric , transnational railway took its first journey from the capital of djibouti toward addis ababa .
library cat ' s job is saved
renewables now exceed all other forms of new power generation
schoolmates team up to help boy with down ' s syndrome win a sports day race
man finds $24 million lottery ticket in an old shirt just two days before it expires
wartime wish turns to reality as newcastle man celebrates 100th birthday with 100 women
bbc viral video family on how their children gatecrashed the interview: ' she was in a hippity hoppity mood that day '
homeless puerto rican teen aids maria victims
hands of peace to host israeli , palestinian and american teens for three weeks of peacebuilding
painting stolen from ukrainian museum during wwii recovered in connecticut
labrador helps save arizona man stranded in snowstorm
student accidentally invents phone batteries that last 400 years
famous dj hardwell aims to educate 100 , 000 children in india with world ' s biggest guestlist festival
education publisher pearson reports biggest loss in its history
woman gives baby deer cpr after it nearly drowns in a swimming pool
for a dying woman , living was the best medicine
alberta man credits smartwatch with spotting heart attack and saving his life .
ireland is giving ' cold cots ' to grieving parents of newborns to help them mourn their children
' normal birth ' in ' dangerously abnormal conditions ' : baby born on migrant rescue boat
a story of redemption and forgiveness from cop killer to top scholar
new barbie line includes dolls that use a wheelchair , prosthetic limbs
a man has 6 ( six ) children . adopts yet another one with down syndrome just to save him .
chinese girl takes sole care of grandma and great grandma
for a german chef , hospital food is the ultimate challenge
you are more than your mistakes , teachers get at roots of bad behavior
9 year old applies for alien fighting job , nasa responds
the decline of war and violence
canadian church tips local pizzeria owner $1 , 700
quebec comedian ordered to pay $35 , 000 to disabled boy he mocked
nyc pizzeria waiter returns half million dollar cashiers check to retired social worker who failed to tip him
prince william appears on cover of gay magazine attitude . duke of cambridge speaks out against homophobic bullying in uks leading gay title .
a poverty reduction charity admits its program wasnt working . thats a big deal .
zimbabwe: robert mugabe resigns as president triggering mass street celebrations
paralysed ku student lives college life through support and care of his fraternity brothers . brotherhood at its finest
chile has reached its 2025 clean energy targets six years ahead of schedule , and says it ' s now on track for 70% electricity from renewables by 2030 .
dad makes wheelchair accessible snow fort for his disabled children , warms hearts
he landed in a wheelchair when a wall collapsed on him . now , he ' s making cycles that have ferried his rolling comrades deeper into wildlands they feared were no longer accessible .
a lady who chose to forgive her attacker changed his life
in the age of fake news and pseudo media , these journalists spent two years and $750 , 000 covering one story
after losing her husband to cancer , 90 year old grandmother started hand making coat hangers . she has now made over 700 , selling them for $3 each , donating all profits to cancer research . she has raised over $2400
' superwoman ' surgeon thanked for eight mile snow trek
high school baseball coach in need of equipment receives big surprise
boy bakes cookies to help save turtles
teslas enormous battery in south australia has led to massive drop in costs of backing up regions power supply , potentially saving local people millions of dollars . new figures suggested new system , which is powered by wind turbines , has reduced price of expensive power outages by 90% .
one armed middle school catcher is incredible to watch
how a stranger ' s selfless gift saved ashlee terwilliger ' s life
pointless rushes out show for terminally ill contestant
heart from 2 year old boy saves the life of 18 month old toddler fighting for life who was diagnosed with heart failure
the federal government will allocate $500 million to help deal with the problems facing the great barrier reef . the funding , to be unveiled today , will go towards improving water quality , tackling the crown of thorns starfish , and expanding reef restoration .
vancouver cancer patients diagnosis may have doctors scratching their heads .
government ( canada ) to ban single use plastics as early as 2021
ar shivakumar has not had to pay a single penny to the corporation for water in the past 20 years . he gets all his water from rainfall| bangalore , india
the shameful truth about leftover hotel toiletries and one man ' s heartwarming response
uttar pradesh in india planted almost 50 million trees in just 24 hours
high school students raise money to replace classmate ' s stolen 3ds
an unusual family of bald eagles adds three eaglets
pm imran thinking about airspace , afghan exchange courses conclusion for india
kenyan teacher who gives salary to poor wins $1 million teaching prize plans to use the prize money to improve the school and feed the poor .
in macedonia , geeks create free accommodation platform in reaction to hotel price hike for super cup fans
dying mother given months to live is saved by ex husband ' s new wife
mcdonald ' s employee jumps through drive through window to rescue unconscious police officer in florida
this underground band sent a fan on a 48 hour scavenger hunt to release their new song
margaret oconnor celebrated her 107th birthday with friends and family on jan . 27 in kula . donning a sparkly tiara , oconnor opened gifts and cards , ate her birthday cake and enjoyed ice cream . she played along , with good humor , acting surprised throughout the event with every gift she opened .
reviled white nationalist david duke just lost his senate bid
homeless mans savings bonds returned 30 years later just when he needed them the most
disney ' s ' moana ' debuts in olelo hawaii at star studded premiere: the polynesian themed disney hit " moana " made its debut ( again ) on sunday only this time , everything was in olelo hawaii .
george clooney surprises 87 year old fan with birthday flowers
wild tasmanian devils defy the odds to beat facial cancer , scientists say
20 to 25 elderly residents rescued from flooded nursing home in texas
lost and found ! milwaukee police officer , father help traveling nurse in need
record breaking paper water purifier operates at near 100% efficiency
a puppy abandoned after a police pursuit has been adopted by the officers who found her .
this boy from my hometown has a terrible skin condition , but he is quite simply the most inspiring story i have ever seen . keep rockin ' , jonathan .
australian surgeons restore hand and arm function to paralysed patients
teenage mother brought to tears after being given new home by millionaire who was homeless as child
utah family brings life back to a kitten found frozen in the snow
flight attendant ends up adopting persistent dog
movie star chow yun fat spotted clearing fallen tree branches on roadside in hong kong after typhoon hato ' so other drivers can get home safely '
japanese woman , 116 , named world ' s oldest living person: kane tanaka , born in 1903 , recognised by guinness world records
humble bundle , an organisation which sells games for charity , raises more than $6 . 5m for aclu , irc and doctors without borders .
aids drugs prevent sexual transmission of hiv in gay men
bart the ' zombie cat ' adopted two years after digging out of own grave by humane society staff member who helped him in his recovery .
yemeni girl reunited with family at sfo after four years apart
a cardiac nurse couldn ' t afford a pacemaker for her dog , so she started a program to donate used ones to pets
nearly month after her house exploded , ashley nadeau found her cat alive in a pipe . aside from some surface injuries , the cat appears to be in good health !
i wont fly refugees to their deaths: the el al pilots resisting deportation israeli pilots refuse to deport eritrean and sudanese migrants to africa
fifty churches just offered safe haven to central american refugees facing deportation
phone box baby reunites with the man who rescued her 22 years ago
teens escape illegal detention facility
domino ' s workers surprised with trip to las vegas , ' captain america ' tickets after helping to save customer ' s life
93 year old navy war veteran and his dog win $25 , 000
north texas boy using martial arts to help others overcome bullying story
california dog presumed drowned found safe 5 weeks later
dominos staff save favorite customers life by checking in on him after he failed to place an order in 11 days and discover he had suffered a possible stroke
first responders wed amid panama city ' s hurricane michael debris
australian pm searches for crochet bike creator
man jumps off bridge to rescue dog struggling in water
my 9 year old siblings both have terminal illnesses . they have grown so close and help each other through each day .
ground breaking app inspired by toddler with severe autism who worked one to one with creator before he died
a teacher sat in her car with a former student ' s baby so the new mom could attend a job fair
he wrote a song about his mom ' s cancer . that ' s when famous musicians sent him their version .
police , bank honor boy who found cash from bank robbery
chin up america !
on father ' s day , mahesh savani , an indian businessman , receives greetings from his 472 daughters ; these women are actually girls who lost their fathers; savani has been their father figure and organized their weddings over the past few years .
a dog rescued from abuse in europe was on his way to his new uk home when he escaped from the airport and ran onto a busy road . a hero stopped traffic and rushed to save the dog who ' s finally made it to his new family
ottawa to phase out coal , aims for virtual elimination by 2030
senior refurbishes hundreds of bikes for children in need
hundreds of nashville students sing to teacher battling cancer
a cancer patient received donor milk for her daughter while going through treatments and is trying to raise awareness of donor milk for mothers going through treatments like hers .
how this amputee lost a shocking 488 pounds: ' i am alive today to encourage others '
woman keeps homeless vet ' s belongings safe after he collapses
a mob was yelling slurs and chasing gay people after utahs pride festival . one man stepped in to fight them off .
survey: 67% bermuda citizens support legalising use of cannabis .
' are you cold ? take one ' : amazing community donates dozens of coats to help homeless people in their city get through the harsh winter
south koreans enter north to reunite with kin split by war
people can exchange trash for free food at indias first ' garbage cafe '
tiny homes making a big difference in detroit
college student hands out over 4 , 500 uplifting hand written notecards to students on her campus
more than 100 new species found in mekong
newlyweds stop to help homeless man with amazing act of kindness
general motors announces it ' s adding over 400 jobs to bowling green plant
boy mows lawns to buy gravestone for the father he never knew
woman has baby with moms womb: its science fiction
trapped salmon to be airlifted to safety
policemans bear hug stops suicide bomber from killing more
a man , transitioning from female to male , is experiences overwhelming kindness from a texas police officer in a routine traffic stop
ghostbusters reboot pays special tribute to super fan ryan e . kemp
building a new solar plant is now cheaper than running a coal plant
the uk becomes the first major economy to enforce net zero carbon emissions
auntie ida just celebrated her 106th birthday and has no plans of slowing down . ida freitas has lived through two world wars , man ' s first steps on the moon and the invention of the iphone x .
on nuisance call , buffalo cop joins kids ' football game instead of ending it
restaurant owner offers a job to teenagers who set fire to restaurant outdoor furniture
sodus restaurant donates food and feeds those searching for missing boy
georgia tech to recognize students with disabilities in certificate program at graduation for first time .
free hug man speaks out
more young people are watching the wildlife series planet earth ii than the x factor
new york poised to pass its own version of the green new deal the bill codifies new yorks goal of getting all of its electricity from emission free sources by 2040 . achieving that would put the state ahead of even progressive california .
94 yr old ww ii veteran gets high school diploma 74 years after dropping out to serve
' i never thought i ' d find somebody like her ' : how gaining independence led a young man to love
absolutely amazing
a 9 year old girl used her birthday money to buy lunch for detroit officers after she saw the dallas shooting on tv
uk intelligence agency launches new mission to train girls in cyber skills
solar startups are plugging africas energy gap
penguins fan gives extra ticket to homeless man
8 year old arson survivor finds hope in christmas cards bbc news
infants ' sign ' mother ' s day cards for newly minted mothers at hospitals
big spring , texas man designs a blessing box to help and inspire others
when ear hustle doesnt end in a shive
world cup star giving his bonus money to charity
101 year old japanese swimmer aims for more records
the san antonio zoo wants to offer toys ' r ' us mascot geoffrey a new job as ambassador for giraffe conservation
restoring faith in series of images
a brazilian boy who lost all his teeth aged three now has his smile again
uta driver honored for stopping suicidal teen from jumping off bridge on interstate 15
police: girl ' s dog bites man , stops attempted abduction
after paws pickup , city pound empty of cats for ' first time in memory ' lincoln park , chicago , il
heavyweight boxer who was bullied growing up now advocates for bullied kids
twenty one year old boyan slat from the netherlands started the ocean cleanup foundation to remove from our oceans a vast mountain of discarded fishing nets , water bottles and other plastic garbage . his team has designed a 100 kilometre long floating plastic boom to scoop up plastic particles .
celebrating an amazing two years of zero rhino poaching in nepal
autistic 15 year old helps sick children by donating thousands of crayons and colouring books . he spent nearly a year collecting toys , gift cards , and colouring materials for children with cancer .
154 apartments specially designed for those on medicaid and on exceptionally low income opens up in the bronx , new york .
faithful storks keep long distance love alive in croatia
tortoise on galapagos island feared extinct after 100 years is found
hundreds of women in iran permitted to attend asian champions league final after 35 years of exclusion from top matches
he ' s just so loving " : emaciated , neglected dog finds home in sioux falls
cape town successfully pushes back day zero crisis with water conservation efforts
minnesotan prosecutor won ' t charge people caught with small amounts of marijuana
sesame street theme park receives world ' s first autism certification
mother ' s love and guitar bring australian and thai musicians together
long range study considers health for all of us
man was bedridden for 11 years until he invented a surgery and cured himself
audience members complained when an abba fan with dementia sang along to mamma mia 2 . so a cinema put on a private screening for the woman and other dementia patients where she could sing as loudly as she wanted
my dad is donating a kidney to his foster brother
theres good news about cancer . jimmy carters cancer recovery is being credited to a miracle drug called keytruda .
salesman buys sneakers for boy after noticing his were falling apart
after being lost for 4 years , cat is reunited with owner who said the cat was more than just a cat to him , he was like a person , who could listen to some of his deepest thoughts as he struggled with ptsd .
a pair of strangers united to shelter nearly 20 of toronto ' s homeless in hotels
injured bald eagle rescued in washington , d . c .
a aron 1 handed ow . crosspost from r/overwatch ( not my content )
fedex defies weather to save 2 year old memphis girl after 700 flights were canceled and the little girl needing to get to the hospital states away , social media caught fed ex ' s eye , the company flew the family on a cargo plane to chicago just in time for the surgery , not asking for even a dime .
8th boy rescued . thailand cave rescue continues .
americans ' unconscious bias on the basis of sexual orientation and race dropped dramatically over the past decade and bias against people based on body weight increased .
a california couple ' adopted ' a 93 year old veteran after his town burned to the ground
dogs rescued from south korean meat farm find new homes in peterborough
1 million children come together to meditate for world peace
girl with cystic fibrosis postpones lung transplant in order to graduate
u . s . veterans to form human shield at dakota pipeline protest
muslim youth group cleans up national parks amid government shutdown
guy sells everything , travels the us with wife and kid with only a diesel truck and camper: read this
police officers surprise boy who called 911 inviting them to thanksgiving dinner
a somewhat happy update on the " hit and run driver leaves a 19 year old victim in a critical condition " story . he has been moved out of the icu ! his dad says , " hes still got a really long way to go but theres some really good signs that hes come around . hes still got a sense of humor .
the touching story of " chai wala " ( tea seller ) turned model .
pakistani transgender actress , rimal ali is set to make a cinematic debut as one of the leads in love in 7 days
celebrated cornwall pub , the jamaica inn , opens doors to 140 travellers stranded by snow , including baby with heart condition
sacramento puppy with muscular syndrome learns to walk by playing tug of war
a fender bender brings a couple back together after 33 years
charity given 100 , 000 to feed poorer children over christmas holidays
crowdfunding site helps make adoptions possible
plastic bottles: shops , cafes and businesses will offer free water refill points in every major city and town in england by 2021 .
make up artist whose severe psoriasis leaves her with ' horrendous ' scaly skin shows off her incredible before and after transformations
law graduate gives his gown to his great grandma so that they can graduate together
tldr: guy gets into oxford because hes black , think ' s he ' s rob mugabe
surtees a single mum shares 7 . 5m lottery winnings with ethiopian orphans
this little girl ' s response to question about her doll has others sharing stories
cafe in my college town employs dozens of special needs young adults
these people are using technology and grass roots projects to reduce food waste in cities and it ' s working !
thirsty koala flags down cyclist for a drink from his water bottle
twin manatees named millennium and falcon returned to florida keys waters
beto o ' rourke registers voter after reading about him in the guardian: after learning about sebastian esquivel , a latino man who felt the texas race doesnt really matter , orourke cold called esquivel to help him register to vote
diner leaves 1 , 000 tip on 79 bill bbc news
puppy who overdosed on heroin greets new owner with kisses
hundreds helped in time for thanksgiving
russia to start testing hiv vaccine in 2019
superagers have long puzzled scientists , but now researchers say they are unpicking why some people live beyond 80 and still appear to be in fine fettle , with cognitive capacities on a par with adults decades younger .
kitten dubbed ' piper ' after two hour drain pipe rescue
an ohio man was awarded the purple heart and other military commendations on friday , almost 50 years after he served in vietnam .
disabled dog rescues baby buried alive by teenage mother
two newborn tiger cubs bring good news for sariska national park
stranger helps pregnant mom
this little girl was so overwhelmed by her new puppy she couldn ' t stop crying
lady gaga donates $1 million to disaster relief
pennsylvania: never bitter , harrisburg man wrongfully convicted of murder spent freedom helping people
egyptian immigrant launches free airbnb alternative for refugees and victims of domestic abuse
family surprises mother ' s caregiver with nursing school tuition
fisherman performs c section on dead shark and releases 98 pups into wild ' it was a very overwhelming feeling when they started popping out '
homeless group enjoys luxury holiday hotel stay
british guy founds a charity that installs vending machines for the homeless .
us white supremacist jailed !
couple relocates their 46 rescue dogs to a four acre canadian paradise
businessman willie wilson to spend $15k bailing out cook county inmates
this isnt hype: canadian doctors reversed severe ms using stem cells
finally ! jackie wilson to receive star on hollywood walk of fame
ww ii veteran reunited with holocaust survivor he rescued
how student , 18 , with a rare genetic syndrome won fitness model competition
barack obama dons santa hat , surprises children ' s hospital patients with gifts
we got 3 , 281 back from barclays after being charged for breakdown cover when we don ' t even drive
13 year old kid builds device to help friend struck by lightning communicate again
scarlet ' s bakery: a bakery that employs women looking to leave the adult entertainment industry
dog stuck at shelter for nearly 3 years lands on tinder to find true love
uk children ' s tv legend , matthew corbett receives an an atlantic award for all his work .
cher donates over 180 , 000 water bottles to flint , michigan after local supply is poisoned by lead
the usgs is now mapping space to mine extraterrestrial resources
shelter provides dogs with big , comfy chairs to make them feel at home
finland set to become first country to ban coal use for energy
florida sea turtles have record nesting season , despite red tide algae
german soccer team takes a knee before bundesliga game for a tolerant berlin
a rare look inside one of the only high schools at an adult jail
friends carry crippled man on their backs up a mountain so he can go ' volcano surfing '
indian railways has launched plan bee to prevent elephants getting hurt on rail tracks . bee sounds can be heard from 600 meters away as the train approaches the vulnerable gangway , thereby reducing the elephant death toll .
man tries to mug woman who turned out to be a ufc fighter and gets beaten senseless
public artist ' s term extended as murals multiply
stray dog keeps injured biker warm until rescuers arrive in romanian mountains
man wakes from 12 week long coma after industrial accident to meet the newborn baby son he ' d always wanted
nashville to build first of its kind health center for mentally ill arrestees
o ' reilly loses job over harassment claims
new zealand government bans all new oil exploration licences effective immediately
heres another wwii vet requesting birthday cards . cmon reddit work your magic ! !
the last of us: part ii was just announced at psx .
father ' s last embrace saves girl in china building collapse
maybelline debuts its first ever male ambassador , manny gutierrez
the first gene silencing drug wins fda approval
los angeles offers tattoo removal for inmates who regret a tattoo , or no longer wish to be associated with gangs and lifestyle to give them a wider employment opportunity when released from prison .
it ' s a girl ! " turkish airlines cabin crew deliver baby mid flight
teen makes $35 , 000 plowing seattle ' s historic snow
in an upset , democrat doug jones is projected to win senate seat in ala . race roiled by misconduct allegations against roy moore
mizzou students raise money for dining hall employee , who then donates the cash
high school and college stem students build electric cars for kids with disabilities for free
keanu is the hero we need
puffin patrol: the children saving iceland ' s pufflings
bruce clay: the search community honors you
southwest airlines donates flight to rescue dogs and cats from puerto rico
jeff bezos ' net worth plunged by $3 . 4 billion in monday ' s stock rout and the rest of the world ' s super rich lost $117 billion | markets insider
accidentally recycled shoebox stuffed with $23k returned to owner
deakin university scientists have manufactured a revolutionary material that can clean up oil spills , which could save the earth from potential future disasters such as any repeat of the 2010 gulf coast bp disaster that wreaked environmental havoc and cost a reported $40 billion .
panama city beachgoers form human chain to rescue family in water
meet the cyclist who impressed the taliban with his cooking and got released
coast guard suspends use of injured animals to train medics
trump administration launches global effort to end criminalization of homosexuality
saudi arabia makes history , sending 4 female athletes to the rio olympics
after 23 years in prison as an innocent man , former chicago white sox groundskeeper returns to his old job
granddad shows the love
teen besties beat childhood disease , start company that gives back
severely matted dog that spent two years living under a bed gets life changing makeover
surfer turns snide comments about $100 contest win into donation to homeless shelter
bra tattoo changed woman ' s life after breast cancer
inspiring veteran and athlete israel del toro to win the pat tillman award for service at the 25th espy awards
new israeli invention eyedrops could repair corneas , make glasses unneccessary
free sanitary pads , menstruation classes mean ugandan girls less likely to skip school
two year old girl lost in motueka bush found safe by searchers
nasa happily reports the earth is greener
drake donated $25k to high school and also surprised a young student at the university of miami with a $50 , 000 scholarship after reading one of her essays .
monsanto banned from european parliament
a homeless man from san francisco , who pointed police toward two orange county inmates who had escaped from jail , will get the lion ' s share of a $150 , 000 reward set up for their successful capture
texas 7 year old becomes youngest girl to climb mount kilimanjaro
i made the news for a film i did , where i tried to empower and spread love to the people of my city !
sikh community sends valentine ' s day love to winnipeg ' s women ' s shelters
boy fighting cancer shows police his courage
alabama high school wrestler with no legs refuses to lose
kent state commit kalin bennett becomes first d1 recruit with autism
alberta family honours grandmother with random acts of kindness: spoil your favourite little people
air shepherd , a conservationist organization founded by charles and anne morrow lindbergh , is successfully using drones in africa to track down and stop poachers , sparing the lives of endangered wildlife including threatened rhinos and elephants
chance the rapper raises over $2 million for chicago public schools
u . s . soda sales drops for 12th straight year: trade publication
people are spending 50 million fewer hours on facebook a day
breakthrough discovery could lead to 100 percent recyclable plastics , scientists say
a bunch of reasons to be optimistic about clean energy in australia : reneweconomy
women join michigan prison braille transcribers: " " i want to do something that my family can be proud of
former chicago officer jason van dyke sentenced to 81 months for fatally shooting laquan mcdonald
hikers rescue elderly dog trapped on mountain for 6 weeks
crime fighting squirrel abandons his post for love
smoking to be ended in the uk by 2030 , leaked proposal reveals
these high school girls have something to cheer about
imagine dragons ' dan reynolds weeps for suicide victims at loveloud , daughter comforts him
after 47 years , vietnam veteran receives lost dog tags
army veterans charity teaches guitar to underprivileged children in uganda
muslims raise more than $50k for pittsburgh synagogue victims in 6 hours
bikers race to collect over 3 , 000 pounds of food for ' cranksgiving '
billings senior high selects girl with down syndrome as homecoming queen
irish author wins major literary prize from alma mater , where she works as a cleaner
kent state recruit kalin bennett ' s becomes first player with autism to get d1 basketball scholarship
2 missing canadian sisters found living in the us after 30 years
venezuela , in the middle of an economic crisis , was the first country to send and to ecuador after earthquake
nicki minaj awards 37 college students with scholarships: see their reactions
humpback whales rescue seals from orca attacks
father in my hometown is proactive to stop son from his bullying ways . this makes me love my hometown ( though i haven ' t lived there in 20 years ) . great father on father ' s day .
dog spotted carrying an entire bag of dog food after harvey
texas man saves his home from flood waters using an $8 , 300 " aquadam " . the device is essentially a 30 " diameter , 400 ' water filled tubular bladder that is installed to surround property , which managed to hold back the 27 " of flood waters in rosharon , tx
how this teacher dropped 115 pounds after deciding against surgery
a crashed satellite might have put life on the moon
transgender americans just won a historic victory in massachusetts
deer family rescued from fenced lot in canada
street cleaner receives many gifts after being mocked on social media for looking at gold jewelry
woman gives birth to miracle identical triplets beating odds of 200million to one
turning 3 at evacuation shelter , boy gets birthday surprise
family adopts a 20 year old cat , never expected how much love he had left to give
petition to save the bees in the german state of bavaria has been a success
commercial fisherman releases 30 tonnes of mackerel to save dolphins trapped in nets
man with stage 4 cancer wins lottery , plans to take wife on dream trip
hollywood actor gary sinise flies 1 , 000 children of fallen us soldiers to disney world
pharrell plans yellow ball charity gala with missy elliott
when another elephant kicked nina in the leg , nina suffered a broken leg . rather than put her down , a french animal park took heroic efforts to heal her broken leg .
selena gomez visits childrens hospital on christmas eve
florida man who gave generator to stranger down on her luck gets a free one
morrissons is now serving pints of lager to shoppers
some norwegians want to give finland one of their mountains for it ' s 100th birthday .
an excellent teacher and a very good doggo
muslim and hindu artists collaborate for kashmir peace
subreddit incel banned for encouraging violence/rape
a gold coast plastic surgeon planning his 10th annual trip home to his birth country of india to perform lifesaving surgeries says it is an honour to help .
here ' s how the fantasy of free money is becoming a reality in 12 countries and possibly the world
boy who suffered up to 100 seizures a day has none in 300 days after being prescribed cannabis oil
cleaner finds 300 , 000 in cash on london bus and returns it to police
ukrainian pilot saves 127 lives after deadly hailstorm damages aircrafts nose , shatters the windshields
mark baum , ceo of imprimis pharmceuticals who previously came out with a $1 alternative to martin shkreli ' s aids drug after 5000% price hike , is now going to take on mylan and is plotting to offer a $100 epipen alternative .
girl , 2 , silences cashier who questioned her on picking a black doll
orphaned baby elephant saved by helicopter in kenya
scientists have discovered the first example of a gene that is only found in one sex and provides protection against cancers including an aggressive form of leukaemia . understanding the genetic mutations at the root of devastating blood cancer is key to developing targeted drugs , say experts .
o2 &amp; hyperbaric oxygen therapy reverses brain damage in drowned toddler
couple donates 50 coats with unique sleeping bag design worth $100 each to interfaith sanctuary in boise id
alabama cops stop 10 motorists , issue hearts and candy instead of tickets
8 year old boy beats stage 4 brain cancer
children suffering from anxiety and depression will be offered counselling at school under government plans to tackle a widely reported crisis in young peoples mental health . . . attempt to stop any psychological difficulties deepening into lifelong issues .
city of boulder donates to fund helping immigrants pay for education
no more slaughtering of animals as scientists grow meat in lab . scientists at memphis meat successfully created meat in lab from animal cells
jewish governor of missouri , muslim activists pitching in to repair vandalized jewish cemetery
se ohio hs bands unite for a unique and memorable performance
worshippers leaving night prayers at lower clapton mosque risk lives to rescue hundreds of people from tower block fire
tide turns on middle class jobs in america
canadian man nicknamed uber rob is once again helping residents of a flooded new brunswick island cut off from the mainland to and from their homes by using his boat .
the queen declares war on plastic after david attenborough documentary: buckingham palace outlined new waste plans and said there was a strong desire to tackle the issue at the highest levels of the royal household .
the black widow , ordinary guy turns to being a vigilante in his spare time . saves woman from assault .
swimmer , 99 , ' breaks world record ' in australia
attitude , one of the uks leading gay magazines , has announced prince william as their july cover star .
same sex couples start registering marriages in taiwan
how 27 year old former high school dropout finds herself graduating from usc
' it ' s changed my life ' community crowdfunds $65k for mom ' s bionic hand so she can hug her kids again
waitress celebrates friendship with customer who received her kidney donation
post emmys cameo , sean spicer says he regrets battles over trump ' s inauguration crowd size
$10 , 000 worth of snes games found by u . s . postal service and returned
world first process keeps milk fresh for 60 days
edmonton oilers fans buy predators jersey for young nashville fan: it was really unexpected '
simone veil receives pantheon burial .
starving nigerian toddler from viral photo thriving after rescue
+50 , 000 people participate in nationwide spring clean up in estonia
stolen hedgehogs returned to michigan petting zoo
oregon bottle deposit system hits an all time high of 2 billion recycled bottles in 2018 .
my local barber shop has a program they run called ' books by kids ' where they have children read books out loud while getting their haircuts
second chance at life: man finds a liver donor after his son posts an appeal on social media
10 years after alzheimer ' s diagnosis , man learns he does not have it
worlds smallest baby boy set to go home in japan
a brief detail on kidney stones
is there a doctor i mean teacher on board ?
boy does chores to save for hamster , sister spent all her birthday money and surprised him instead . " are you crying ? ' cause i am .
yemen ' s houthis and saudi arabia in secret talks to end war
selfless boy surprises families with sick children
over 300 dancers show up to good morning america studio in times square in support of male dancers after host mocked prince georges ballet classes
10 things i ' ve learned about life after i was diagnosed with a brain tumour at 25
air india makes ' first round the world trip with all female crew '
turkey will declare a holiday dedicating to plant trees
' dear bike thief ' letter writer gets new wheels after appeal
10 year old boy sells baseball card collection to help friends battling cancer
400 acres donated to yosemite national park
to encourage kids to be polite , have manners and be kind to each other , cbh homes is visiting schools all over the treasure valley and donating 5 , 000 books to kindergartners .
911 dispatcher helps taxi cab driver deliver a baby in ashland , oregon " as soon as i heard that baby cry , i just knew everything was going to be okay .
farmers harvest wheat crop for neighbor battling stage 4 cancer
brewery creates beer to raise money for wildfire victims
5 states are voting on legalizing recreational marijuana usage today , and 4 are currently polling in favor of doing so ( massachusetts , maine , california , and nevada )
christmas is coming early for sahuarita boy with terminal cancer
most of the world ' s humpback whale populations are no longer endangered
wyoming officer brings 5 year old boy mcdonald ' s after 911 call
woman gives birth to baby girl mid flight ( at 28 weeks pregnant ) on turkish airlines . baby and mother in good health !
uber driver surprises fast food worker with new clothes after hearing she couldn ' t afford them
dozens of strangers turn up for funeral of an unknown baby who was named sion by police after his body was found near a riverbank
elementary students create ' buddy spot ' on playground for lonely kids
stuck between a lava flow and a fence line , missing dogs rescued after 10 days: after going missing for 10 days , dogs brus and little dude were rescued near a lava vent in lower puna on sunday morning .
steve bartman receives 2016 chicago cubs world series championship ring
a team of cyclists from calshot lifeboat station raised 4k for charity after 320 mile ride ( from daily echo )
a cafe in the philippines is giving disabled people in the area a chance to succeed in life and break down stigma in the process .
navy made a music video and it ' s awesome
century club donates $100 thousand to blair batson childrens ' hospital
10 year old british special needs girl who is usually very shy , sings hallelujah
navy veteran swims to raise awareness of veteran suicide
94 year old retired judge installs pool in his yard for neighborhood kids to use after his wife of 66 years passed .
chicago will elect it ' s first black female mayor
nine nations and the european union agree to ban commercial fishing in arctic ocean for at least 16 years
teenager turns on the tap for the first time
[electric vehicle] indias rickshaw revolution leaves china in the dust
ethiopia and eritrea sign a declaration ending the " state of war " between the countries .
whippet good boy: calgary dog breaks own balloon popping record
mourners dress as superheroes to honor 6 year old jacob hall at funeral
shepherd from state of karnataka , india builds 14 ponds on barren hill , turns his village green
how mister rogers became 2019 ' s unlikeliest pop culture hero
jobs are up big in october . wage growth is up , even factoring in inflation .
[#destinationgreatness] myron rolle: from the nfl to neurosurgeon |
africa is making progress
we will never forget each other . sixteen year old surprises family in need for christmas
2 paraplegics finish the copper river bridge run ( 10k ) with the help of robotic legs !
all 12 boys and their coach from the youth soccer team trapped in a flooded thai cave for nearly three weeks have now been rescued
ex navy doc vows free surgery for transgender military patients
cctv of texas prisoners breaking out to save guard bbc news
pageant held for young women with special needs
baby born with less than 1 percent chance of survival defies all odds
this start up claims to be recycling polluted air to make ink and paints for art
for the first time , a major us utility has committed to 100% clean energy
haitian immigrant gives free math lessons after being accepted to mexican university ( link is in spanish )
i might be able to choose to be composted when i die !
brothers retire after working 64 years together
burns survivor turia pitt competes in ironman triathlon after being told she ' would never run again '
india ' s toilet coverage has risen from 48% in 2015 to 99 . 6% in 2019
turkish pop music festival which was planned to take place on june 5 7 in turkeys southern province of mersin has been delayed due to concerns about the spawning period of the endangered caretta carettas , after outcries from environmentalists and a lawmaker .
india reduced carbon emission intensity by 21% from 2005 14: govt . report
nike ' s new bandages for kids double as comic strips about athletes who fall but get up
former panther steve smith takes teen with rare disorder to prom
17 year old using technology to help the elderly .
maldives voters throw out china backed strongman president
a frugal social worker left $11 million to children ' s charities in his will
septa strike: good samaritan gives free rides to elderly , disabled
hawaii may become first state in us to decriminalize all drugs
batswana metalheads
samsung will launch its own digital assistant with the galaxy s8
its a miracle: hundreds of thousands of bees survive notre dame fire
after 53 years of war , colombian rebels ( farc ) completed their disarmament . the un now has custody of around 7 . 000 weapons . during this time almost 260 . 000 people have died , 60 . 000 disappeared and 7 million people were internally displaced .
great barrier reef recovering from coral bleaching | australia ' s great barrier reef has almost fully recovered from the worst coral bleaching ever known in recent history , authorities said on monday .
cristiano ronaldo helps save 80 dogs at shelter
an 8 year old girl with a 3d printed hand is going to throw a first pitch at all 30 major league ballparks
a cbd potato is being developed in idaho this is our state ' s best idea since the tv !
worlds first as joint jewish and catholic school in glasgow opens in glasgow .
my town is rallying to help a homeless man that has made his way to the area .
new poll finds colorado voters increasingly see themselves as conservationists
animeals is like meals on wheels for pets .
man meets biological sister for first time after she was switched at birth 39 years ago
puppy now recovering and still shows affection for her carers who say she is ' very lucky to be alive '
ellen donates $50 , 000 to florida shooting survivors
boy saved money for video games but donates all $450 to local food pantry
how technology is driving us toward peak globalization
canadian girl guide sells loads of cookies outside new weed shop
12 year old girls charity donates pet oxygen masks to slate belt first responders
this blind apple engineer is transforming the tech world at only 22
president trump donates first salary check to national park service .
planet fitness offering free services to hurricane victims
dog swims miles , reunited with owners
indiana state trooper lauded as ' hero ' for pulling over ' slowpoke ' driver
' you are beautiful ' : students use post it notes to share positive messages with classmates
poland donates large sum to preserve warsaw jewish cemetery
fathers kidney donation saves daughters life
women reunite with baby after saving his life at alpharetta restaurant
why a 20 year old is trying to interview every second world war combat veteran: " to talk to a real life superhero . . . i could just call them . that ' s what hooked me . so i started riding my bike to the local nursing home and i started interviewing all those veterans
maryland restricts cops stealing from innocent people
new farmers market is bringing healthy organic food to l . a . ' s homeless
couple celebrates 75 years of marriage without a major fight
2 , 000 gold star family members go to disney thanks to gary sinise
nergis mavalvala: the karachi , pakistan born quantum astrophysicist , associate department head of physics at mit , who went on to detect einstein ' s gravitational waves .
japanese biker finds box with six abandoned kittens inside on secluded mountain road , rescues them
california man gets $21 million for wrongful conviction after 39 yrs in prison
proud dad micd his 4 year old playing hockey and the results are comedy goal !
us school shooting victim becomes surgeon to save others from gun violence
ceo donates $2 million to hospital for transgender care
orlando police go to prom as dates for special needs students
new orleans is tearing down the reminders of its dark confederate past . in an impassioned speech , mayor mitch landrieu said the city must acknowledge all facets of its history to learn from it .
after the fire: volunteers help gatlinburg find hope
solar eclipse glasses , filters: the american astronomical society and nat ' l science foundation have posted a web site with info on reputable equipment and suppliers in an effort to prevent eye damage
man with down syndrome founds sock company with dad , earns 1 . 7 million their first year
' remarkable ' drop in new hiv cases among men bbc news
british tv show hollyoaks have created a virtual memory box for people of their loved ones they lost to cancer whole country joins in and it melts your heart &lt;3
vancouver police officer rescues drowning dog from lost lagoon
santa claus grants dying boy his final wish
once nearly extinct foxes no longer endangered
using a communication aid , a 16 year old boy is able to speak for the first time and starts with ' hello mum ' .
from within the womb , baby elianna becomes a medical breakthrough: a hawaii family was a key part of what ' s being called a breakthrough medical treatment and it could save even more babies with a genetic blood disorder .
the family of a boy who beat cancer tried to buy him a bike from ebay then found it had been delivered to their doorstep for free
youtube stars of daddyoffive lose custody of two children for apparent child abuse
adorable dog gives stress release hugs to any new yorker who needs them
anchorage boy , 8 , donates hair to help kids with cancer
over 40 years ago , bill watkins designed the space mountain ride at disneyland . at the age of 87 , watkins took his final ride on the coaster .
bill gates profiles william wu , who devotes his tech skills to global development needs
fred warmbier , the father of otto warmbier , an american student who was jailed in north korea and who died last year after returning to the united states , will attend the olympics opening ceremonies as a guest of vice president mike pence this week .
twenty one pilots surprise kids at childrens hospital before concert
single polypill reduces risk of heart attacks and strokes , study finds
scientists create mind controlled hearing aid
meet skatty the ears at sea for deaf sailor paul thompson ybw
once bullied florida man dresses in superhero costume , patrols city feeding homeless , putting out car fires and carrying groceries
glasgow salon offers haircuts for homeless people
saudi arabia to open luxury beach resort where women can wear bikinis
nondrug approaches effective for treatment of common pain conditions , review suggests
this chimp was abandoned by his mother
california becomes first state to ban sales from puppy mills
how the language you speak changes your view of the world
' never give up ' : donnie yen once had only hk$100
love , equally: homosexuality no longer a crime , says indian supreme court
plastic ban: 355 plastic making factories shut shop in indian state of maharashtra
how this alaskan woman is bringing back the art of inuit tattoos
determined nurse plans reunion with her former classmates 50 years after they graduated
homeland will conclude with season 8
paramedics grant dying man ' s sundae wish
cuba drastically reforms fishing laws to protect coral reef , sharks and rays
student starts charity drive for the homeless this christmas .
95 year old woman buys new cellphone with $30k lottery win " i don ' t want to be one of these people that has my thumb stuck on my phone all the time but i want to be able to look up the weather and be able to send a photo
senate committee passes bipartisan bill tackling wide range of healthcare concerns: ' the legislation aims to prevent surprise medical bills , lower prescription drug costs and raise the nationwide tobacco purchasing age to 21 . '
donations pour in for 7 year old cubs fan battling rare brain tumor
my wife ' s story of how she attended her own funeral following her secondary breast cancer to the brain is featured in this weekend ' s the guardian newspaper here in the uk . here ' s the online version .
british wwii veteran visits french town he liberated , via virtual reality
santa reassures boy with autism that he " has been a good boy , being who he is
autistic teen helps store worker stock shelves
canadian government to match red cross donations for those affected by wildfires
mcdonald ' s gives students $25 , 000 after their fake ad went unnoticed in epic prank
off duty n . j . state police trooper saves choking infant
berkeley whole foods store obtains restraining order against vegan activists
crowds line up to hug police officers in dallas
comcast founding family donates $25m to philadelphia children ' s hospital
wwii vet finally reunites with wartime girlfriend in australia .
dogs show humans how to be better bosses in training program
scottish government to scrap jail sentences of less than 12 months
australian couple saved by a stray dog called burt during savage monkey attack in thailand
dad that got charged for skin to skin started a gofundme for $40
dj searches for elderly couple who tore it up at fabric nightclub
slaughter bound calf escapes on expressway in new york , earning new name and a life of leisure
courier service prevents grandparents from losing thousands of dollars in phone scam
after seeing photos of their young daughter envisioning her future career , parents call off daughter ' s engagement and commit to her education ( #visionnotvictim project for syrian refugees )
instead of b day gifts , this boy asks for shoes for people in need
estonians rescue wild wolf from ice thinking it was a dog . it has since been treated and released to the wild .
brain cancer survivor running 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
stray cat brings her kitten to kind woman she follows the mama and finds another baby in need of help
baby on life support is headed home after photo , showing little boy and santa praying for his recovery , went viral
gambian refugee scores winner for werder bremen , 2 years after learning football in a german refugee camp
rent a jew project hopes to ward off anti semitism in germany . the initiative with its admittedly provocative name was launched by the munich based european janusz korczak academy
he donated blood every week for 60 years and saved the lives of 2 . 4 million babies
excavator operator saves deer that was stuck in mud . after the rescue , the deer walked back into the woods .
oil rich nigeria turns to renewable energy as population booms
catching up with the original power rangers
let ' s hope anti vaxx doesn ' t get here
playing pickup with a champion: sidney crosby surprises quebec teen at local hockey rink
rediscovered 1845 design used to give more than 1 , 600 people low cost , 3d printed , prosthetic hands .
mohamed salah: middle east must change how it treats women
watch: st . paul firefighter sneaks up behind to save woman hanging off bridge
in 2017 , us had largest decline in co2 emissions in the world for 9th time this century
' extinct ' tree frog rediscovered in india after 137 years
leicester city players donate 60k for life saving equipment with club pledging more for leicester hospitals and universities from the owner himself
transgender cop jaime deer is a force for change
' making my son ' s world better again ' : students replace lost headphones for classmate with autism
saudi arabia lifts travel restrictions on women , grants them greater control , the right to register child birth &amp; marriage &amp; divorce , be issued official family documents , and be eligible as a guardian to children who are minors .
az humane society has saved 60k lives in last 4 years
eyewitness news celebrates international guide dog day with guide dog group on long island
ailing venezuelan boy gets liver medicine after donation from ceo martin shkreli ' s retrophin
chernobyl goes solar , three decades after nuclear disaster
suspect feels guilty , returns stolen guitars to east nashville owner . owner lets the guy go , under the agreement he gets treatment .
stolen dog returned to texas after 3 year , 1 , 700 mile journey
anti stress vaccine could soon make brains resilient to depression
work is a tonic for 100 year old laundry owner minnie rotundo
bayer ordered by jury to pay $2 billion damages in roundup trial
school turns to the teachings of aristotle in an attempt to boost pupil wellbeing
scdf officers quick thinking ensured safe delivery of baby in hdb flat
raise a glass ( of tequila ! ) to celebrate this endangered bats recovery
commonspoly: some people have reinvented the board game monopoly to make it collaborative instead of individualistic . . . and it ' s all free to download !
detroit dog rescue to hold " canine and couture " fundraiser sunday in birmingham
minnesota mom didn ' t know she was competing; now she ' s a boston marathon champion
the sound of a billion crickets how southern california junior cricket is set to take us youth by storm in 2019 .
nys passes bill to decriminalize marijuana possession and expunge criminal records
six new insects found in sabah
british voters elected a record number of lgbtq people to british parliament 45 out of 650
hundreds of homeless people given ' luxury ' christmas dinner in madrid landmark
best friends henry and baloo have a lot in common they have both been rescued and now enjoy long walks in the great outdoors . what makes them special to their many fans is that they are a dog and cat travelling duo .
britain ' s princess eugenie chose a wedding dress that showed off the scar from her scoliosis surgery , saying she hoped it would inspire others with the spinal condition
there was so much wind power in germany this weekend , consumers got free energy
massive tigers could once again roam central asia
coinbase ceo brian armstrong becomes first crypto billionaire to join buffett , gates in pledge to donate bulk of fortune
' dream come true ' as same sex couple denied their island wedding prize tie knot in hawaii a wellington same sex couple rejected by an island resort after winning a wedding have finally had their dream ceremony become a reality .
rare sea turtles smash nesting records in georgia , carolinas
kiwi supermarket chain cuts cost of sanitary products in effort to tackle period poverty
yellow car owners join rally in support of ' ugly ' car: yellow car owners have rallied in support of a vehicle blamed for ruining tourists ' photographs in a picturesque cotswold village .
police officer steps in to replace millcreek womans ' s stolen thanksgiving feast
icu grandpa " becomes local celebrity for making volunteer rounds in the neonatal intensive care unit to cuddle babies who ' s parents cannot be present .
double hand transplant patient: ' i wrote a thank you letter to my surgeon '
watch 2 walk on football players get surprised by receiving full ride scholarships
michael jordan sends boxes of gear and reaches out to man who wore full mj uniform at pickup game
blackhawks sign random 23 year old to be emergency backup goalie against flyers; " dreams come true " , he says
collegiate runner suffers complete rupture of her achilles tendon shortly after the start of a 400 meter hurdles race , but still manages to hobble across the finish line to earn a point for her team .
blind man rescued from subway tracks by strangers toronto
missing charity walker laurence brophy , 85 , found safe
first time , women outnumber clerics in irans new parliament
iranian man looks exactly like lionel messi , chaos ensues
hershey bears set teddy bear toss record with 34 , 798 collected for charity
amazon selling toilet paper printed with trump tweets | thehill
neighbor transforms boys wheelchair into star wars costume
how a song is helping bring the destroyed community of paradise , ca together , and helping pay for the rebuilding effort .
the maritime aquarium at norwalk , ct hosts a sensory friendly morning
former f1 driver alex zanardi claimed his third paralympic handcycling gold medal . zanardi was competing on the eve of the 15 year anniversary of the terrible champ car accident at the lausitzring that cost him both his legs and very nearly his life .
93 year old oregon woman delivers meals on wheels
nartaki natraj , a transwoman , becomes the first trans person to receive the indian civilian award
wholesome principal announces school closure
amazing #trashtag challenge before &amp; after posts
american couple running orphanage cleared of human trafficking
first plastic free passenger flight takes off
etihad airways turns plane around for elderly couple so they could visit their dying grandson
vancouver bans whales and dolphins at aquarium bbc news
oregon governor forgives boy for swiping hazelnut , pen
australian prisoners assisting to socialise retired greyhounds for adoption
nz locals form penguin protection patrol for a lost blue penguin
love and prayers overcome racist graffiti at eatery
reddit answering the call to feed las vegas hospitals , blood banks , and more in the wake of today ' s shootings .
world ' s first malaria vaccine to go to 360 , 000 african children cnn
measles vaccinations jump 106% as b . c . counters anti vaxxer fear mongering
india banned sex with child brides will marital rape be next ?
miracle on the ice: doctor saves fellow hockey player ' s life story
' baby buns ' leaves hospital days before his 1st birthday
8 person kidney chain that spanned multiple states has helped save the lives of four people in need of kidney transplants
a touching tale of the unique friendship between charles barkley and a cat litter scientist from iowa
australia may soon have one less thing that can kill people
two fishermans stranded for days have been finnally rescued , story inside .
award winning montreal teen inspired by her dying sisters passion for science
how music , compassion , and a magical top hat gave one girl battling cancer hope
veganuary ends on record high with 250 , 000 participants pledges for 2019 plant based campaign exceeded those in previous four years combined
chinese researcher claims first gene edited babies immune to hiv/aids
inclusion gym class leads to friendships , ' promposals '
sweden to reach 2030 renewable energy goal in 2018
the rescue dogs of the world are finally getting their own westminster
cdc screens nearly 5 , 000 travelers for zika virus , less than 200 test positive
linda o ' keefe killer james neal caught in co .
akron father , daughter attend law school and take bar exam together
firefighters rescue baby , toddler from apartment fire
bringing modern banking to rural developing areas
mom adopts hospice babies to make sure theyre loved in the time they have left
man pays overdue school lunches for 89 students
people with a disability in australia will now have access to sexual and reproductive education and advice .
notre dame basketball players brother comes home from afghanistan , surprises him after game
villagers and conservationsts rescue a herd of elephants trapped in a mud filled bomb crater
detroit is getting a neighborhood of tiny homes that homeless people rent to own
india lifts 271 million people out of poverty in 10 years between 2005 06 and 2015 16
to save the sound of a stradivarius , a whole city must keep quiet
delta air lines pilot turned plane around to pick up family for a funeral .
til that india broke a guinness world record , planted 66 million trees in just 12 hours ! !
disabled girl runs race , inspires community
bystander rescues overheated dog from car in grand bend | ctv london news
son gives mother with dementia a robot cat . this is how she reacted
pete doherty donates artwork to charity seeking to rehabilitate prisoners
research shows we love heros before we can even babble .
army dad with ptsd breaks down in tears as he ' s surprised with service dog
after learning about labor in school , 16 year old delivers aunts baby
hitler ' s austrian birthplace will be home for disability charity
medical marijuana has no health risks: who
a former university of hawaii football player was one of the good samaritans who helped rescue a woman whose car went off kamehameha highway and into the ocean in punaluu on monday night .
love , hope and purpose in fatherhood
california forms exploratory committee to explore options for universal healthcare
drinking in charlotte ? police may be waiting for you in the parking lot .
woman unable to walk saves disabled aunt from house fire

upliftingnews in review for 7/31/17 8/6/17
when an ex offender couldnat find a job , he made one for himself
ranchers found a bald eagle covered with ice and called a game warden . he then warmed the bird up in his truck , video shows
struggling single mother jailed over accidental fire finds outpouring of help
so 2 goats were stuck on a beam under a bridge . . .
man who has polycystic kidney disease prepares to wait years on transplant list , finds out wife isn ' t just the perfect partner , but perfect kidney match too
alex trebek reveals some of his tumors have shrunk by 50 percent: its kind of mind boggling
wells fargo employees help sort donated school supplies for roanoke city schools
' courageous ' border cop rescues child from st . clair river
i 84 crash: kaleb whitby , crushed between 2 semi trucks , tells the story of his miraculous survival | oregonlive . com
with all the controversy surrounding the equifax breach , one protester managed to photobomb the hearing with style
world ' s tiniest surviving baby born at san diego hospital , weighing as much as an apple
250+ organisations , representing 20% of all plastic packaging produced globally , have signed a global commitment to eliminate plastic waste and pollution
police officers mow womans yard rather than write her a ticket for overgrown grass
same sex couples sue for the right to marry in japan
central ohio community comes together to sing christmas carols at home of local meteorologist with terminal leukemia
good samaritans return $5 , 000 and passports found in diaper bag
scotland ' s red squirrel numbers stabilise
couple who raised money for homeless good samaritan must turn over funds , judge orders
man takes dog dying of cancer on one last road trip across america
winnie the pooh and pals rehabbed and returned to ny public library
students in hamilton , ontario create " ring of peace " around school to show solidarity against islamophobia
palm beach county boys service dog gets own yearbook photo
estonian police to be equipped with teddy bears to comfort traumatized children
world ' s first water park for people with disabilities is literally the coolest thing ever created
death penalty slowly disappearing from the us , end of year report suggests
ode to humanity: how 10 , 000 people came together to fight loneliness
getti the cat disappeared in 2008 , on sunday she returned home dirty and skinny , but definitely alive !
the european union ' s top court has ruled in favour of a romanian gay man ' s right to have his us husband live with him in romania . the country , which does not recognise same sex marriage , had argued that the american was not entitled to the eu residency rights awarded to spouses .
mlb star cole hamels &amp; his wife donate $9 . 4m mansion to charity that provides camps for children with special needs and chronic illnesses
nigerian army confirms arrest of boko haram most influential member
profile of a choir for people affected by homelessness , providing meals and community . " the choir has supported members through rehabilitation , finding homes , through mourning , through illnesses and much more .
father of three daughters not punished for trying to attack larry nassar in court
a florida couple decided to ask for 1 , 000 goats instead of wedding gifts for a charitable cause
nanny struck by car after saving toddler from oncoming vehicle ( full disclosure: it ' s my kid sister ! )
bbc news: australia same sex marriage: mp proposes in parliament
man pays off every student ' s school lunch debt
obama declares parts of arctic off limits for oil drilling
fordland , spokane history teachers selected for white house tour , training
stranger picks up $485 tab for autistic kids at jose tejas restaurant
a medical mystery of the best kind: major diseases are in decline
my dad has had ms for over 49 years and i ' m raising money !
genetically engineered yeast is becoming a viable alternative to animal leather .
city councilman shares salary with cash strapped local schools
wounded warrior project donates $45m to rush medical center
all inclusive amusement park
wildlife officers rescue bear stuck in storm drain
6 year old boy has tear jerking reunion with missing dog in lubbock , texas
25 year old man who lived for a year and a half on an artificial external heart just received a successful transplant
travelers work together to save sad , neglected pet monkey in mexico
woman finds her two cats alive in the rubble of grand rapids apartment fire
every police officer who worked at a cricket match in australia have donated their entire days wages to the glenn mcgrath foundation , which founded the ' pink test match ' in support of breast cancer awareness .
professor green removes anti homeless bench bar and turns bench into a ' homeless shelter '
man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on utah police officer
cat and human reunited after 14 years
ex trump supporter shows us all we dont have to be married to opinions .
hundreds marry in taiwan on asia ' s first day of same sex marriage
iraqi soldier battling isis in mosul reunited with his family after two years of estrangement
scientists have reached a milestone in a technique of semi artificial photosynthesis that could eventually create an unlimited source of renewable energy .
families surprise volleyball referee with a new car
heroic teen saves choking friend
5 months old baby found alive after being buried in an earthquake rubble for 22 hours
in 2004 , they were born 4 hours apart in same hospital . in 2017 , they ' re still inseparable best buds
southern indiana boy with cerebral palsy gets special halloween costume for wheelchair
nbas marc gasol spends part of off season rescuing refugees in mediterranean sea
athletic trainer carries aed to every game for 21 years without using it . last week , he used it to save an opposing lacrosse player ' s life
a dad ' s desperate search to replace his autistic son ' s beloved " little blue cup " has ended after the manufacturer stepped in to make a lifetime ' s supply
a utah toy factory is run by volunteers who give away all the toys for free
these dogs are getting a cancer vaccine . if it works , humans could be next
oh wow
big boi gives service puppy to girl paralyzed in bounce house shooting
microsoft introduces an adaptive controller for people with disabilities
entire graduating class ( 43 ) of onalaska , wa has acceptance letters to college !
girl scout delivers basket and note to new parents who cant go home for easter
hero dog that saved canine friend from drowning honored
sigourney weaver is in iceland and meets a little icelandic girl named ripley
pope decries ' epidemic of animosity ' against immigrants and other faiths
devoted mum to donate two organs to save her little boy ' s life: ' this is going to be your year '
good news , guys: viagra prices start to tumble today
tommy chong endorses bernie sanders for president
on anthony bourdain ' s birthday , a sacramento mental health drive ( for those in the service community ) he inspired , aims to expand .
restaurant owner meets man who robbed him instead of calling the cops: ' forgiveness is better '
therapy dog spends days warming hearts
iceland fixed its teen substance abuse problem by giving them something better to do
dogs adopted 8 times but always escapes to return to shelter . staff melts when the realize why
syrian refugees volunteer at churches in metro detroit
gene therapy rids infants of ' bubble boy ' immune disease symptoms
glacier national park glaciers appear to be growing
meet jonathan smith , a hero who was wounded while trying to save people
police rescue man from baby squirrel
student born without hands wins handwriting award
local quilters guild crafting quilts for veterans
bc schools to provide free me menstrual products
veterans court yields first graduate
education publisher pearson reports biggest loss in its history
bernadette russell is a writer , theatrical , &amp; comedian who was born in germany but grew up in portsmouth , england . she ' s an optimist , champion of kindness , defender of hope , and mischief maker . starting in 2011 she performed an act of kindness everyday for 366 days and has written on kindness .
italy earthquake: dog rescued from rubble more than 24 hours after tremor hits norcia
rare butterfly spotted in scotland for the first time since 1884
military hopes 3d printing bones can help injured veterans
how these cities became rat free zones
lonely woman looking for honorary grandkids finds many on bunz
new york prohibits religion from being a reason to avoid vaccinating children
[update] over 2 , 000 cards delivered to olivia enderle for her birthday
determined dog detective solves mystery of sea tac ' s lost mr . kitty
typewriter in locally owned bookstore is the repository of the community ' s stories
maybe you ' ll be going to mars
woman fights to save trees planted for world war i veterans
flight attendant saves girl from human trafficking
finally some good news: the irish potato famine has been over for more than 150 years
watch the moment a dying chimpanzee recognizes an old friend
known as the " hug lady " of fort hood elizabeth laird , 83 died from breast cancer . she will be missed dearly by the serving us soldiers as she never failed to send each one off with a hug as they left for deployment from killeen/fort hood regional airport .
good samaritan turns in cash found in northglenn; police looking for owner | fox31 denver
the australian government will trial blind job applications to overcome hiring bias and encourage diversity
arkansas k 9 officer found and reunited with handler days after gunfight erupted .
largest bass caught in texas lake using mcdonald ' s chicken mcnugget
apple watch owner uses bluelight app to call for emergency help for head on car crash near atlanta
bill to help employers ease student loan debt backed by both parties and ivanka trump
buffalo bills fans raise money for bengals ' andy dalton ' s charity
people are playing swingball shakespeare all over the town on lamposts .
leigh holland keen has become only the second woman to lift scotlands legendary dinnie stones .
australia set to be first country to wipe out cervical cancer
controversial " prankster " sam pepper has quit social media and deleted everything except one message
cop helps girl , 10 , with math homework after she messaged police department on facebook
the statewide point in time count , a census of hawaiis homeless population , decreased across all islands , indicating that the state is making progress in reducing the countrys highest per capita rate of homelessness .
aerosmith ' s steven tyler opens home for abused women in tn
today sunspots jumped to 13 after a week of zeros . it means more light and vitamin d hence less stress .
festive commuters stage christmas party on rush hour train to work
former nova scotia chiropractor ordered to pay $100k over anti vaccination posts
a new study links dog ownership to longer life
german catholic women organise new push for gender equality in the church
memphis fire department intern saves mans life
' puppy rescue mission ' helps bring stray afghan dog to arizona
little girl has tea party with officer who saved her life
20 , 000 worldclass university lectures made illegal , so we irrevocably mirrored them lbry
mysterious good samaritan leaves handwritten suicide prevention messages on lions gate bridge
pineapple is similar to grapes clusters at growing stage , originated in south america and seems a natural hybrid among pomelo and orange due to tangy flavor and large size
16 year old fights to end bullying towards lgbt students in school
' stamp out hunger ' drive collected 70 million pounds of food in 2018 . here ' s how to donate
saving cleo: firefighters revive cat found in house fire
new wolf pups in california: endangered species here to stay ?
dubai air crash survivor wins one million dollars on lottery six days later
world traveler tells his mom that he is safe with his mom im fine photo series
entire concert cancelled on the jersey shore after finding a threatened shorebird nest
an ohio man was offered a job after he lost all of his belongings in a rv fire in nova scotia .
us man cleared of rape after 5 years in philippine jail
dad gives over 700 free hugs at pittsburgh pride parade to kids rejected by their parents
high school robotics students build power wheelchair for 2 year old
14 year old girl declared dead after michigan shooting leaves hospital after a month
sheriff ' s deputy donates kidney to fellow officer
world ' s oldest message in a bottle found by beachwalker in australia
50 years later , 90 year old dick van dyke nails his marry poppins cameo
wolf found in northern belgium , first time in over 100 years
florence and the machine visit a cancer patient who couldn ' t attend her show and sings a duet with her .
men all over the netherlands are holding hands in solidarity with a gay couple who were brutally attacked
love not lost
mcg doctor believes trump ' s call to end hiv epidemic in 10 years has a " good chance of working
student donates allowance to school ' s new playground
planting wildflowers &amp; protecting nests on farms enables birds , from skylarks to starlings , to bounce back rapidly from long term declines: intensive agriculture has led to overall farmland bird numbers in uk plunging by more than 50% since 1970 , latest figures showing 9% drop from 2010 15 .
mom creates a user submitted map where people submit stories of kindness . she wants one story from each country and the reddit hug of death lol .
us generated more energy from renewables than coal for the first time
shan tells her little brother they ' ve finally raised 700k for specialist cancer treatment in us
man told he was too fat to walk able to walk for the first time in years after the problem was identified as a 140 pound tumor
african american blues musician daryl davis convinces 200 ku klux klansmen to leave white supremacist group by befriending them
joey gives shirt off his back to homeless man on nyc train ( both joey and homeless man pictured )
canadian sikh man hailed as hero for using turban to save drowning girl
ethiopians set to rewrite history by planting 200 million seedlings in a single day: ' the ambitious initiative is part of the ethiopian government ' s aspiration to plant 4 billion trees during the second half of their current fiscal year '
lawyer gave up a six figure salary to become a headteacher in one of the poorest parts of the uk , about to send 95% of pupils to top universities
illinois college student gathers his team to terminally ill grandmother ' s backyard , so she can see him play one last game .
minneapolis protesters " part like water " when emergency vehicle approaches .
supreme court of the united states has ruled that civil asset forfeiture is unconstitutional . police departments no longer allowed to abuse the practice to deprive people of their personal property .
these michigan plumbers are installing water filters for free , in flint .
brooklyn cops found an adorable orphaned kitten at their police station house , so they convinced their boss to adopt him as their collective pet , precinct mascot and morale booster .
starbucks bombing victim surprises indonesian judges by hugging his alleged attacker: an indonesian bombing victim has surprised judges and onlookers by hugging his alleged attacker in court in an apparent reconciliatory gesture .
flower shop owner sends bouquet to every teacher at local elementary school to celebrate back to school
jaden smith ' s foundation , local church bringing clean water to flint
monarch butterfly ' s broken wing gets repaired by costume designer , and it flies away
marshawn lynch surprises oakland kids with 2 , 000 free water park tickets
santa uses sign language to find out what girl , aged three , wants for christmas
high school seniors shovel neighbor ' s driveway at 4:30 a . m . so she could make it to her dialysis
7 year old boy climbs mountain in memory of his father
harvard professor gets his own muppet
hero shoppers pounce on man who tried to get into mum ' s car with baby in the back
after racists vandalize a home , neighbors scrub off hate messages and repaint
choir visits dying teacher for a last song .
church bells peal in town retaken by iraqi troops from islamic state
india has reduced its ' extremely poor ' population from 250 million to 50 million in 8 years .
police halt london ' s lgbtq pride parade . . . to propose to their boyfriends
david koch , billionaire businessman and influential gop donor , dies
rosy pink: mistakenly painted horse brings levity to b . c . wildfire fight
italian bishops provide $1 . 1 million in humanitarian aid to south sudan
after life of incalculable harm , billionaire climate denialist and right wing villain david koch dead at 79
hopefully this trend continues !
greenwich , connecticut , rolls out a beach welcome mat for those with disabilities
english premier league side sunderland build a special sensory room so 8 year old autistic fan can watch them play live
watch ireland fans sing stand up for the ulstermen in tribute to northern ireland fan who died
cat with pounds of matted fur looks like octopus now gets it all shaved off
indian acid attack survivor walks the runway at new york fashion week: the teenager was attacked by four men using industrial strength acid
man who served 17 years in prison for manslaughter saves baby from car crash 3 months after being released
a 12 yo makes shelter animals cool bow ties , helps them get adopted
france has become the first country in europe to ban all five forms of neonicotinoid pesticides that researchers believe are killing off bees .
it was my time: toronto woman graduates with bachelors degree at 79
whale watching season gets off to early start as humpback whale population soars
a surgeon in mexico is using virtual reality instead of sedation to perform surgical procedures in a mountaintop clinic with no access to drugs .
the indian village where every girl ' s life is celebrated
cancer treatment is completely free in turkey now .
deaf hurricane harvey dog learns sign language in ontario foster home
artist offers free henna crowns for cancer patients
blakely the australian shepherd filling in as parent to one month old tiger cubs
adoptive mother reunites long lost sisters .
radio station giving hope to listeners in syria: as horrifying war reports are beamed out of syria , a tiny radio station sends broadcasts in the other direction from istanbul .
former patient donates first paycheck and bags of toys to children ' s hospital
loving husband with dementia couldn ' t remember his wedding so he proposed all over again
4 inspiring ways countries around the globe are creating new forests .
twitter purge begins as accounts that promote hateful or violent speech are banned
metallica fans to perform day of service at food bank
report: half of mcdonalds happy meal customers pass on soda
more than one million trees have been pledged for trump forest , a bid by environmentalists to offset the us presidents curtailing of obama era clean energy initiatives by planting 10 billion trees around the globe .
mouse hitches a ride on sheriff deputys car
a world first , dubai has successfully relocated a coral reef in an attempt to save it from infrastructure development . the project cost more than $9 . 8m and has been deemed a success since the coral reef grew 20% in size !
safyre terry ' s latest gifts: a card from potus and a robotic hand
paralyzed calgary graduate walks across the stage to receive diploma
valley woman honored for 70 years of volunteering at the hospital
teacher in ghana who used blackboard to explain computers gets some microsoft love
dinner parties back in vogue for grieving young adults
a real super hero who lived through a massacre .
pakistani clerics declare transgender marriages legal in islam
how this utah woman donated 1 , 229 handmade stuffed toys to migrant children separated from their parents
notion lab media , a new longform journalism project launched on patreon , wants to report on the diem25 movement for stronger democracy in europe
a very hungry caterpillar could rid the world of plastic bags
meet the hearing impaired 10 year old who raised $15 , 000 to buy ear aids for other kids: hes so proud !
empty council homes opened for homeless
a gofundme for the xenophobic lawyer whose meltdown went viral hires a mariachi band to play outside his office , also a taco truck
billionaire david koch dies at age 79
one of world ' s largest diamonds fetches $6 . 5m to aid sierra leone: of the proceeds of the stone dubbed the " peace diamond , " the government will get 59 percent or about $3 . 9 million in tax revenue to fund clean water , electricity , schools , health centers and roads
bill and melinda gates to pay off nigeria ' s $76 million polio debt
seattle banning plastic straws and utensils at all eateries
detroit mayor mike duggan announced tuesday all detroit high school graduates will receive two years of tuition at a community college .
fireman adopts baby he delivered after emergency call
americans now drink more bottled water than soda
this berlin mosque is opening its doors to all regardless of gender , sexual orientation or background in the hopes that it will help fuel more liberal islam in europe .
best uncle ever wears suit to meet newborn niece because first impressions matter
these 2 kids were just making music on a street corner . then cyndi lauper walked by .
homeless man gets haircut , medicine and a place to stay as town pulls together to help him after brutal and prolonged attack .
a suspected big cat poacher has been eaten by lions near the kruger national park in south africa , police say
morgan freeman converts his mississippi ranch into a honeybee sanctuary
this is the joyous moment ellie is told she ' s finally going to disneyworld thanks to make a wish
scientist proves dogs actually love us
good news for africa ' s elephants: china is losing its taste for ivory
public outrage over a death penalty handed to a 29 year old man is spurring malaysia to start talks to legalise marijuana for medical use the focus is on overturning a death sentence handed last month to a man convicted of possessing , processing and distributing medicinal marijuana oil .
blind hong kong runner becomes first visually impaired person to complete antarctic challenge
police officers replace veterans broken a/c window unit
senators pressure retailers to root out shameful labor abuse of truckers
the international , pro rape meetup scheduled for this saturday got cancelled . [nsfw due to language]
baltimore hospital performers the worlds first ever hiv to hiv liver transplant , giving hope for thousands of patients living with hiv and desperately in need of a transplant .
dead for 48 minutes , catholic priest claims god is female
toronto homeless shelter holds second annual super bowl party | toronto star
entire bronx charter school class in the nations poorest congressional district not only passed the algebra i regents exam but aced it . 467 students at bronx charter took the state exam and 99% of those students had a passing score . of that group , 56 percent scored at the top level of 5 .
this resume is so weird that it ' s almost good
queensland led team develops effective economical ebola treatment
the supreme court of india just decriminalized gay sex in a historic judgement .
fifa invites children trapped in thai cave to world cup final
an eight year old boy from caithness in the highlands has become the youngest person to climb the old man of hoy sea stack off the coast of orkney . edward mills , who lives in dunnet , set himself the challenge to raise money for the charity climbers against cancer .
how christianity is helping keep hong kong ' s stunning protests peaceful
video shows daring mission to save animals from wildfires
solar now cheaper than grid electricity in every chinese city , study finds
sometimes people change: maryland shop covers racist tattoos for free
rachel ' s fun for everyone playground . the grand opening of an accessible playground for everyone proposed by a 9 year old girl .
homophobic preacher drowned out by love and tolerance
as it is international dog ' s day , i present to you the story of boobie the wonder dog that got separated from his family and travelled over 2 , 500 miles through unforgiving terrain in the dead of winter to make it back home .
virgin atlantic drops mandatory makeup for female cabin crew
campus cat of more than a decade voted southampton university students ' union honorary president
national parks: military vets ' new mission: attack maintenance backlog
hundreds of pets rescued from deadly louisiana flooding
india ' s huge solar ambitions could push coal further into shade
trucks line up under orlando overpass to stop man threatening to jump
police officer helps 8 year old boy celebrate birthday after no one picks him up from school
power company donates part of land back for animal shelter
chick fil a surprises regular customer with 100th birthday party
uncle will donate kidney to save his niece ' s life
pakistan opens doors to indian sikhs to enter punjab and celebrate birth anniversary of their great guru
house call 2 . 0: women gps bring remote care to rural pakistan
norwegian hospitals refuse to assist in circumcisions
dads in sweden took more paternity leave than ever in 2017: sweden offers 480 days of parental leave per child which can be shared out between mothers and fathers as they see fit , but with each parent entitled to at least three use it or lose it months .
dutch men are holding hands in solidarity with gay couple who were attacked
florida man giving away business and property to whoever writes the best essay
luxury apartments to be given to families who lost their homes in grenfell fire
pornhub launches vpnhub , its own virtual private network app
humble but helping the homeless one city at a time
golfer hits first hole in one aged 93 during last ever round
rare case of sense: u . s . to phase out federal use of privately operated prisons
secret santa gifts woman medical supplies so she can walk again
all 12 boys and coach successfully rescued from thailand cave
70 , 000 iowa football fans wave at children in children ' s hospital
plastic pollution from the ocean is being used to make designer sunglasses: about 10 kilograms of waste are collected for each piece of eyewear , with most of the rest recycled for other uses .
hulk hogan sex video jury awards $25m in punitive damages against gawker , above the $115 million already awarded .
after breaking off engagement , bride lets some good come from it by donating wedding to stranger in need
looking to adopt a pet ? august 18 is the perfect date to do it ! here ' s why
criticized for her colorful hair , nurse gives perfect response to shamers
scottish jobseekers offered free rail travel
israel fires: palestinian crew helps battle haifa blaze
ucf qb mckenzie milton says he has 100% recovered from nerve damage
actors union says meetings in hotel rooms , homes should end
400 acres donated to yosemite national park
redmond ( or ) police rescue fawn stuck in fence
after 62 years of marriage , couple dies together while holding hands
stray dog gets adopted after he waits six months outside hotel in argentina for air stewardess who showed him just a little bit of affection
baby boy delivered at london bridge after mother goes into labour on train
maryland state senate passed a bill to ban expanded polystyrene ( eps ) foam food containers with bipartisan support
miracle messages reuniting the homeless through social media
[podcast interview] john eldredge: god cares about your story
boy , 4 , learns to use legs again after being paralyzed by heart attack at age 1
robin williams ' son names newborn child after his late father
worlds first child double hand transplant recipient does push ups
baltimore city has been murder free for 10 days
mid air collision of indigo and indian air force planes averted by an auto generated warning
louis dundas centre for childrens palliative care attempt to revolutionise the care of children with life threatening illnesses | give to gosh | voices
royal flying doctor service pilot and midwife find love in the skies while saving lives
mark wahlberg and agency give $2m to time ' s up fund after pay discrepancy outcry
construction workers and local business employees team up to rescue 15 ducklings and reunite them with their mother
dead brother added to wedding photos
tony robbins swoops in to save nuns humble tenderloin soup kitchen
troubled by flint water crisis , 11 year old girl invents lead detecting device
whale of a plane: airbus belugaxl makes maiden flight
woman with down system retires after working at mcdonald ' s for 32 years . community comes together to recognize her and send her off with a retirement party .
get the buzz on the first house trained bumblebee and its loving pet owner
bao bao , an american born panda , steps out in china
german supermarket empties shelves to make a point about racism
friends with hearts give to children in need
why buzz is growing about nobel peace prize for africas youngest leader
isis losing territory fast
cop saves tiny terrified sloth stuck on a highway
hundreds of hikers raise $130k to aid homeless nashville families
gerber names first spokesbaby with down syndrome in contest ' s 90 year history
groom saves drowning boy while taking wedding photos on beach
over 60% of developers never skip a meal to be productive
fortune smiles on man as he moves from being homeless to bagging " employee of the year " award
this is tanner wilson , a senior at caddo high school who saved his money for 2 years so that he could buy his best friend a motorized wheelchair .
japan annual day | international news | european news |asian news
winnipeg woman gives over 100 young girls , many of whom fighting life threatening illnesses , a princess makeover and ball at manitoba legislative building .
garbage collectors in turkey started a love project on the side: a library composed of thrown away books
ohio restaurant owner shipped a milkshake to terminally ill woman in d . c .
barbershop owner raises funds to pay off high school seniors ' debts so they can graduate
family of murdered polish lorry driver " overwhelmed by peoples kindness " as they receive over 170 , 000 in donations in less than six days
a kid walked into a gamestop wearing a kaepernick jersey . two nfl players bought him an xbox .
watch: the heart warming moment this flash mob breaks out in a dublin hospice will make your day
trenton thunder batboy tommy smith takes all star spotlight
this man scours thrift stores and basements for wheelchairs and crutches . then he gives them to the needy .
won ' t you be my neighbor ? mr rogers movie trailer
nepal says its tiger population has almost doubled from 2009
after a lesbian couple ' s home was vandalized for hanging a rainbow flag , more than 40 homes in their neighborhood hung up rainbow flags in solidarity
a school in nigeria is accepting empty plastic bottles from parents and guardians in exchange for payment of their children ' s school fees .
world ' s largest solar plant goes live; will provide power for 1 . 1m people
illinois repo man pays off elderly couples car after he tows it
gritty crashed a wedding in northern liberties on friday
heroic lifeguard single handedly saves several people from drowning
iowa high school wrestler forfeits his match to honor former rival who passed away earlier in the season while wrestling
these kids are suing the federal government to demand climate action . they just won an important victory .
brave man saving drowning 400 lb black bear is possibly one of the greatest rescue stories ever
man who got laid off gets hundreds of job offers after handing out his resume on the side of the road
photographers share stunning images of labor , delivery , postpartum
upliftingnews in review for 8/7/17 8/13/17
the internet raised $50 , 000 to help a retired police officer keep his k9 partner
new zealand town builds underpass to help penguins travel between their nests and sea
church creates charity vending machine . you can buy goats , chickens , shoes , and more for people in 3rd world countries .
photographer mom documents her kids childhood without electronic devices
lehigh valley woman ate twigs , drank urine to survive
competing team donates to leon ' s vandalized cemetery at football game
homeless girl scouts hold 1st cookie sale in new york city
clinically dead veteran miraculously wakes up " .
til: sarah mclachlan saved darryl ( d . m . c . ) mcdaniels ' life .
bangladesh knocks sri lanka out of a cricket tournament being organized to celebrate sri lanka ' s 70th year of independence and disrespects them with a mocking dance . indian cricket team goes on to defeat bangladesh in the finals and waves sri lankan flag in their lap of honor .
chinese animal rights activists stage three day stand off and rescue 200 dogs bound for yulin meat festival in china .
navy rescues 2 americans , dogs lost at sea for months
man who doesn ' t know how to swim rescues boy in hotel pool
11 year old invents device to prevent hot car deaths , supporters donated $31 , 000 so far
chuck feeney , james bond of philanthropy , gives away the last of his fortune
paypal raises a record $45 . 8m for charity in a single day
ny army national guard deploying soldiers to puerto rico to assist in home construction
jeopardy contestant raises 103 , 000 for cancer research . she was dying of terminal cancer and knew she would be gone before her episodes aired .
stressed about flying ? cincinnati airport lets people play with adorable mini horses
couple turn down yacht to pay for kindergarten class to go to college
18 year old asks mom ' s boyfriend to adopt her at graduation party
55 year old father of nfl football player becomes oldest person ever to play division i college football
azt drug for aids patients they can now live a normal prolonged life .
for the first time , less than 10 percent of the world is living in extreme poverty , world bank says
awe inspiring photos of the elusive black leopard: first scientifically confirmed images in 100 years .
icelandic member of parliament unnur bra konrasdottir breastfed her baby while speaking to the parliament
gas station that sold winning powerball ticket invites nonprofits to share commission
chernobyl: rescuing the abandoned dogs in the exclusion zone
drake surprises a little girl in the hospital after she invited him to her birthday party
ice bucket challenge funds gene discovery in als ( mnd ) research bbc news
serena cartoon not racist , watchdog rules
donald trump meets a fedex courier a single father who worked on his campaign offers him $10 , 000 . 00
this little bengal tiger cub was rescued while being illegally trafficked into the united states . estimated to be 5 6 weeks old and weighing only 6 pounds , he ' s now safe and sound with the san diego zoo safari park !
loyal dog watches over owner for two days after he dies by river
birth of four identical calves ' like winning lotto ' irish farmer on the ' best week of his life '
the cooperative human | nature: human behaviour
employees at a best buy on long island decided to chip in to buy a wiiu for a child after they noticed he was coming into the store daily to play the free display .
15 miles of disused railway in singapore is being converted into a continuous public trail and park system that will span the entire island city state from coast to coast
people in kashmir donate warm clothes to poor people with an unique initiative
girl raises $62 , 000 for care home residents
london drugs is running a gift giving drive for local seniors with no family
your dog could call 911 in an emergency . here ' s how .
bus driver saves infant ' s life in turkey ' s kocaeli province
improved economy boosting christmas tree prices this year
every student graduating from this milwaukee school will be the first in their family accepted to college all 85 cristo rey graduates accepted to at least two 4 year colleges
falsely accused sex offender set to be freed
construction worker hides waldo on site for kids in hospital next door
song calling uk pm a " liar " reaches top 10 music charts , all money raised goes to foodbanks to help feed children living in poverty in britain
usda to end the practice of deadly experiments on kittens .
paul miller loved teaching math so much that he did it for nearly 80 years
remarkable couple met in care home and defied the odds to find love , a family of their own and a successful business
nature ' s deadly dance off: mama squirrel tango ' s with lethal snake , saves babies
boise football team won a championship , then helped rescue two people in overturned car
expectant mothers in nepal are trekking for days in rough conditions to glimpse their unborn children at australian run ultrasound clinics . " they would walk for days , they would come over the mountains and across the rivers , simply to have an ultrasound and see a picture of their baby .
russian mayor bans ' cruel ' circuses: ' mayor of a city in southern russia has banned circuses that use wild animals in their acts . he earlier blocked plans to build a dolphinarium in magas , on the grounds that these " remarkable and loveable creatures should roam free and happy in their natural . . '
deep freeze helps fight tree killing insect in the smokies
yazidi refugee and teacher takes on new role at regional new south wales primary school
teen finishes 111 mile walk carrying disabled brother on his back
usain bolt donates all his $20 million olympic earnings to his former school
this dad joke has gone viral
jews in a small texan city gave muslims the keys to the synagogue after their mosque burnt down
hero cat rescues lost tourist in swiss alps
the church of jesus christ donates $100k to rebuild mosques damaged in the deadly new zealand attacks
environmental group is turning hawaii ' s ocean waste into energy: since 2002 , about 800 tons of abandoned ocean gear has been burned and turned it into electricity enough to power 350 homes in hawaii for a year .
man intends to adopt a kitten but takes home a 12 year old senior cat instead
here ' s more proof that your dog really does love you
why i gave my kidney to a stranger and why you should consider doing it too
middle georgia group raises money to pay off layaway accounts
young people are registering to vote in huge numbers , new study finds
chris reeves son is running nyc marathon for dad ' s cause
florida high school student offered over $1 million in merit based college scholarships
stray dog joins 155 mile race , finishes it with a new dad
ecuador tribe wins legal battle over the amazon
ex soldier passes away with no friends or family , carehome worker organises for over 100 people to attend his funeral
blind 8 year old girl empowers classmates with braille valentine ' s day messages
drone makes historic delivery of life saving kidney for maryland patient
kindness diaries
hero foster mother cat feeds eight orphan hedgehogs , saving their lives
new york sky lights up with eerie blue glow after huge power plant explosion brings big apple to a standstill and sparks alien invasion jokes
morocco to plant 50 million trees in a day | morocco world news
ben carter ' s tommee tippee cup search ' incredible ' success
' you ' re a moose whisperer ' : sask . woman lauded for freeing calf from fence
chinese student wanzhen lu located after markham abduction
scientists fertilize eggs from the last two northern white rhinos
' he was not dying and that was that ' woman saved husband ' s life by performing cpr for 30 minutes at home
a 90 year old great grandmother has knitted thousands of hats for newborns
mountain lion crosses 101 freeway in rare survival story
fifteen hundred possibly drunk americans successfully invade canada
we are family ( xpost from r/kitchenconfidential )
amazon to accept food stamps for online grocery orders in select states through federal pilot program
til that the ozone layer is healing and is likely to heal fully by 2060 .
hornets guard jeremy lin takes on teen in one on one game in iceland
nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by boko haram rejoin families
he first worked at kawartha dairy , a canadian ice cream conglomerate , as an 11 year old . now hes back as ceo
opulent palace of saddam hussein in basra , iraq , ruined during the war , is being lovingly restored and has now reopened as a museum to showcase the region ' s historical treasures
millions of americans are having an easier time paying medical bills
a " stonehenge " has been discovered in brazil , same layout , same structure , leading many to believe that 1 , 000 years ago we were all way more interconnected than we once thought .
women names baby after medic who saved her during camp fire
the 11 year old boy who swam the english channel
injured turtle at the maryland zoo fitted with lego wheelchair
george clooney surprises 87 year old fan with birthday flowers
uk government confirms historic low emissions as wind + solar become second biggest electricity source | cleantechnica
stormfront , a breeding ground of neo nazis and other far right extremists since the early days of the internet , has finally been knocked offline by its own host .
' pen pals for life: ' fort mcmurray , newfoundland girl ' s message in a bottle discovered in england
' housing first ' : dallas ' s new strategy for the city ' s most costly homeless people
film lighting techniques can be used to fight the winter blues
growing to give canadian mennonite farmer gerhard klassen makes sure no one goes hungry
john oliver stages the biggest tv giveaway ever , forgives $15 million worth of medical debt
california professors create seesaw across us mexico border to allow children to play together
us and new zealand runners who came last after helping each other get moved to the finals
the proportion of girls getting married in india has nearly halved in a decade , the united nations childrens agency unicef said on tuesday , which has contributed significantly to a global decline in child marriage . unicef said 25 million child marriages were prevented worldwide in the last decade .
kim davis , kentucky clerk who refused to issue same sex marriage licenses , loses re election bid
white supremacist engulfed in flames after pouring petrol on synagogue
street food chef stunned after his hawker stall becomes world ' s first to earn michelin star
mexicans are stealing border wall materials , using them for home security
japan has officially recognised a same sex couple as foster parents , marking a first for the country and signalling a growing recognition of lgbtq rights in japan .
the imperial wizard of the kkk was just found dead near missouri river bank ( details )
photo captures ' beautiful display of love ' in franklin
a cancer ' vaccine ' cured 97% of tumors in mice . what ' s that mean for people ?
indonesia sends back toxic trash to us , australia and germany
senior citizens who use tech tools feel less lonely , study finds
zamzam mohamud lewiston ' s bridge builder: shes become the first somali immigrant on the citys school board and emerged as a boundary blurring local power player , a fixer , even a town father .
' i am calling randomly to say hi ' : eritreans , ethiopians phone each other amid thaw
it ' s a beautiful 50th birthday for ' mister rogers ' neighborhood ' : npr
keep those beards for forty years , hipsters !
pakistan ' s government has proposed to eliminate taxes associated with manufacturing of solar and wind energy equipment in the country , in an effort to boost the production and use of renewable power
new nevada law makes it a crime to leave pet in hot vehicle
virginia student overcomes homelessness , medical issues , to graduate and earn college scholarship
formerly homeless man readmitted to university of texas after leaving school in 1975
zoo penguin seemingly falls in love with cardboard cutout depicting an anime character version of its species . the promotion it was added for ended , but they let the two stay together anyway .
a bridge between enemies , iranian art exhibit opens in israel [x post /r/iran]
herb kohl philanthropies to fund all wisconsin dononschoose . org requests
cbc radio in winnipeg ( manitoba , canada ) raised $170k for food banks in 1 weekend .
colossal impact crater discovered below greenland ice . nasa has reported the discovery of a gigantic meteorite impact crater concealed far below the greenland ice .
amarillo man plans to ride to dallas on horseback for charity
gay hong kong civil servant wins spousal benefits after four year battle
farmers stand together in silence so a young man can buy back his family farmhouse
dad designs and 3d prints a prosthetic arm for his son
image gallery of people helping people during hurricane harvey
missing bobcat ollie found on national zoo property
nonprofit distributes solar powered computers to rural african students
tradie saves dog from massive house fire on the gold coast
canadian grocers make $3 . 27m per year from penny rounding , finds 19 year old economics student
ecuadorean police rescue tiny sloth trying to cross a highway
the florida gators ' mascot shielded a kid from a foul ball like a hero and the kid reacted brilliantly
retired mississippi teacher wins half million st . jude dream home while playing cards , finishes hand before reacting to the news
pope tells women to feel free to breastfeed in church
girl , 19 , is first down ' s syndrome model to win international pageant
us surgeons remove 6 pound tumor from gambian girl ' s mouth
the oldest living couple in the world: their marriage withstood the great depression , world war ii , the korean war , the vietnam war , the civil rights movement , and 15 presidential administrations .
even in retirement , obama still responds to strangers ' wedding invitations
a 4 years old australian girl saved her injured mother by calling emergency service
drone footage reveals rarely seen bowhead whales in the arctic
vehicle stops on austin highway for kitten rescue
first class of women welders graduates from indiana prison program
visually impaired student tops college
this 18 year old designed the worlds lightest satellite
banff national park welcomes first bison calves in 140 years
a jackass grows up ( sort of ) : bam margera ' s back from the bottom
new assistance program for veterans , low income and those on long term disability looking for cbd
med students take to the streets to treat underserved people in buffalo
persistent 6 year old boy sees man lying in parking lot , saves his life
man donates more than 26 , 000 books to ' books for kids '
georgia cities protect lgbtq rights
companies starting to let employees take off work after pet dies
it calls itself the home of the world ' s biggest indoor rainforest , and it has attracted 19 million tourists since it opened . now , the uk ' s eden project is set to open up to eight new sites around the world .
trail runner saves beached dolphin stranded on remote beach
south miami is now the first city in florida to require solar panels on new homes
with her family behind her , 48 year old virginia mom qualifies for olympic trials
canada to help u . s . by shipping supplies to harvey victims
one family , whole again " a christmas miracle caught on video
burberry declared on sept 6 that it would no longer be destroying unused goods , effective immediately .
bangladeshs tigers bounce back after a poaching crackdown
concerned about veteran with ptsd , judge orders him to jail and serves the time with him
bear , the dog , has chain cut after 15 years
new york just decriminalized marijuana use
these welsh football fans are driving 2 , 500 miles to georgia to help underprivileged children .
these psychiatrists bring mental health care to those who need it most
husband fights for evidence to help us wife accused in china
malaysia airlines is offering full refunds for london bound flights in wake of saturday ' s deadly terrorist attack
dog and 4 puppies found living in high mountains in utah under logs .
susan kigula how i saved myself and 417 others from death row [bbc]
this school replaced detention with meditation . the results are stunning .
he ' s an angel " : atlanta woman says rapper ludacris paid her $375 grocery bill
cow escapes on way to slaughterhouse , smashes through metal fence , breaks arm of man trying to catch her then swims to safety on island in lake
( uk ) government agrees to change law to protect kittens
uk mp calls for cannabis to be legalized , advises uk citizens to break the law and admits to making cannabis tea in the house of commons .
beggar , flower vendor , cemetery squatter , but now a college graduate
chinese double amputee finally summits everest , decades after first bid .
akon plans solar projects to support sierra leone ' s smart president
destructive amazon fires do not threaten earth ' s oxygen , expert says
nunavut hunter falls through ice , makes pants out of a fox to stay warm
missing labrador ate pineapples to survive 4 years in the wild . now safely returned to family .
awesome way to tackle the childhood obesity epidemic
armless teen receives best holiday gift; prosthetic drumsticks made by uf students
blind puppy to be trained as therapy service dog
israel has partnered with seven other , mostly muslim countries , to collaborate on a research project in the red sea . science diplomacy ftw .
dog separated from owner during hurricane michael gets the reunion he ' s been waiting for
this monkey found a homeless puppy living on the street and decided to adopt him as his own !
thief robs the wrong guys: cross country runners chase him down
lamb named lucky rescued after four days trapped on cliff
' miracle baby ' born after 21 weeks celebrates her first birthday
french supermarket managers hunted out of job over safari pictures
cubs give young fan 2 baseballs after middle aged man steals foul ball
nintendo enabled a fan to keep a lost brother around thanks to breath of the wild
neighbors go home to home setting up christmas lights for those in need
terminally ill springfield man helps local children in need
let ' s do this reddit ! let ' s make this girl ' s birthday the best ! !
news anchor wears suit jacket in memory of a viewer and asks viewers to donate to the american brain tumor association in his honor
' tough s**t , join the club ' inspirational mother of three on living with ' pain in the ass ' illness
5 species bouncing back from the brink of extinction
ups driver saves dog from drowning in icy pond: ' she wasn ' t going to make it '
salesman rushes to help pensioner after she called wrong number
latest ebola outbreak in guinea is over
india is in the middle of the largest sanitation building spree of all time . almost 80 million household toilets are estimated to have been built since 2014 .
this seems important to someone .
man wins free pizza for a year and gives prize to local food bank
victor oladipo gives brand new car to domestic violence survivor at pacers game
blind dog rescued after being trapped in a well for months
this baby was shot in the womb at 8 months . hopkins er docs saved him .
father son cowboys rescuing horses , cattle from harvey ' s floodwaters
papua new guinea boy ' s journey to australia to cure rare bone disorder
friend of mine jumped off of a bridge to save a woman who drove off of it .
111 migrants saved by maltese registered cruise ship off greece
coeur d ' alene man stops veteran from committing suicide
lego to release all female nasa set featuring ' hidden figures scientist
commuters rescue woman whose leg got stuck exiting a train
youtube pulls logan paul projects after posting video showing suicide victim
four engineering students helped my son ride a bike
church that posted anti lgbt sign is forced out of building
akron ' s experimental " i promise school , " which looks to pioneer change in urban education for the most at risk students , has its students in the 99th growth percentile nationwide in its first year
buzz aldrin , elon musk , tony fadell , brian may , and all apollo astronauts make landings at starmus v to round out historys most impossible science festival
mackenzie bezos worth nearly $37 billion , will give half her fortune to charity
muslim activists raise money for repairs at vandalized jewish cemetery
its basically good vs . evil . this awesome tattoo artist is offering to remove hateful for link . for free .
us universities honor saudi students who died trying to rescue kids
dallas , texas is about to become one of the greenest cities in america by building the countrys largest urban nature park .
this 13 year old formed a charity that has helped provide 500 , 000 plus meals
womens climate leadership: mayors of sydney , lisbon , quito , montreal , and paris launch mentorship programs
muslims shield christians when al shabaab attacks bus in kenya
the world is closer than ever to eradicating the infectious guinea worm
edinburgh university divests from all fossil fuels move makes it the largest university fund in the uk to ditch all coal , oil and gas holdings , following a long student campaign
montana dakota utilities to retire coal fired units
pakistan passes landmark transgender rights law
teen has vaccinations after asking reddit
mother &amp; sons freed from debris , dark and confusion in quake toppled taiwan home
john krasinski pushed to cast a deaf actress for ' a quiet place '
autistic girl whose unattended 2015 birthday party photo goes viral receives over 10 , 000 birthday cards and gifts for her 19th birthday this year .
life saving heart surgery saves four children ( ages 5 months , 9 months , 2 years and 4 years ) free of charge .
kerry sanders helps rescue 2 dolphins stranded on florida beach
refugee team to compete at rio olympics games
georgia inmates who helped save guard to have sentences reduced
dad gets scar tattoo to support son who ' s fighting cancer
hiv rates at record lows in australia
canadian family didn ' t think it was valuable . it ' s actually a pearl worth up to $90m and reportedly the worlds largest . ,
the famous newborn giraffe is doing well .
herd of sheep join marathoners in munich
how i accidentally scammed a scammer .
this couple found a math error in the lottery and made $27 million ( playing over and over for 55 weeks )
french man discovers gold coins and bars worth 3 . 5m in inherited house
study finds cbd effective in treating heroin addiction
malaysia born teen got into 8 ivy league colleges with essay about learning english as an immigrant
neighbors have been helping a woman who uses a wheelchair get in bed every night for 10 years
new hope for tasmanian devils in fight against contagious cancer
students , faculty and staff walk in solidarity with student after racial attack .
bbc news: missing cocker spaniel rescued from 25m deep dry well
college cross country runners chase down minneapolis theft suspect
' sesame street , ' in its nearly 50 year history , introduces its first developmentally disabled character
the fda quietly changed the rules to block the next martin shkreli
indian man carves road through hills so children can attend school
o . c . animal shelter will begin offering free pet adoptions due to overcrowding .
india has reduced open defecation from 500 million people down to 50 million , independent study reveals
new driverless trains are the wave of the future
breeding of protected new zealand bird so effective that they ' re no longer listed as critical !
oregon vaccination rate as much as triples in some counties in response to the measles outbreak .
north carolina boy battling cancer reunited with dog after man makes 2 , 300 mile cross country trip
prospector finds huge gold nugget , even though it ' s 2016 and not 1851
from unadoptable to hero: rescue dog saves three girls from possible abduction
ex prisoner , 23 , opens milkshake bar in harlesden to inspire young people
human heart made from human cells created with 3d printer for first time
china ' s dog meat festival may have to cancel the dog , activists say
arizona moms campaign to help premature infants gains worldwide attention
some good news
much loved dog reunited with family exactly one year after she went missing
high school football player with cerebral palsy gets a thrill an 80 yard touchdown
uc irvine to reinstate all 290 students whose admission offers were withdrawn for transcript problems
dutch men walk hand in hand for solidarity after gay couple attacked
girl called ' fat whale ' raises money to save the whales
husband with alzheimers forgot he was married to his wife of 38 years . he proposed , and they married again .
teen girl wakes from surgery able to speak for the first time in nearly four years .
u . s . unfolds plan to supply sub saharan africa 14 million bed nets to eliminate malaria
senior project for university high student will be in memory of her sister
depaul university donors offer $350 , 000 in matching gifts to students in 24 hour challenge to get 2000 donors . you can help unlock the match with a gift of at least $1 !
from dishwasher to heart doctor , atlanta refugee embodies american story
syrian refugee father who sold pens in beirut ' s streets now owns 3 businesses
the navy racked up 358 rescues while saving 22 dogs and 5 cats , 1660 lbs of food and water delivered and 49 sorties accumulating 225 flight hours , including 65 hours at night .
new technology can help detect tiny ovarian tumors ' synthetic biomarkers ' could be used to diagnose ovarian cancer months earlier than now possible
kids around the world are suing governments over climate changeand its working
man who dug up wwi medal as a child returns it to soldier ' s family
blind commentator dean du plessis on how he fell in love with the game
secret garden in china ' s forbidden city scheduled to open to the public for the first time in nearly 100 years
a teen saves for 2 years to buy his friend an electric wheelchair
family stranded in remote kimberley uses bush tucker skills to survive five day ordeal: " i told my wife , i don ' t want you to pass away on me . . . she made me cry .
british public backs legalisation of cannabis so it can be sold like cigarettes and alcohol , independent poll finds
santa rosa resident finds missing dog after long search through fire debris
canada to legalise marijuana ' within months ' , says mp
borat actor sacha baron cohen offers to pay mankini tourist fines
mansfield boy collecting donations for hurricane harvey victims
patagonia seems like a genuinely good company .
small cafe in dallas gives away thousands of backpacks , uniforms and school supplies to hundreds of families
an interaction between a meme instagram account and dominos led to dozens of pizzas being delivered to homeless people and began a #chapolinchallenge in which other fast food restaurants are invited to donated food to homeless people as well
trump wants a beautiful new mexico border wall . this artist is making the old one beautiful .
refugees encounter a foreign word: welcome
5 pieces of dutch golden age art have been recovered after a 10 year hunt
this unique school accepts plastic as school fee , transforms the town
nan overwhelmed as she attends grandson ' s wedding from other side of the world
homeless man who returns lost wallet rewarded with job and new home : )
12 year study of 3 million people finds that having a dog adds years to your life
i want to help people ' : vancouver bottle collector donates around $15k to b . c . cancer foundation
utah man prints prosthetic arm for 3 year old boy
jpmorgan backs away from private prison finance
couple recounts terrifying plunge into icy west quebec lake
speedo usa drops sponsorship of ryan lochte amid scandal , donates lochte ' s $50k fee to children in brazil
boy donates his nintendo wii to police department after officer is killed in the line of duty
tcu students reserve 50 tickets so veteran families can watch baseball for free
hungover customer brings heaps of business to struggling alberta fish and chip shop
meet the chinese man who has saved over 300 people from committing suicide
lacoste swaps out crocodile logo to raise awareness for critically endangered species !
a woman accused a prominent washington state senator of raping her . she says she was inspired to come forward by christine blasey fords testimony .
woman who threatened parent of sandy hook shooting victim sent to jail
stranger anonymously picks up tab for veterans at ohio restaurant
shell doubles up on green spending and vows to halve carbon footprint: anglo dutch giant to spend $2bn on wind power , biofuels and electric cars as it bows to shareholder pressure by setting new company climate change target .
police called to shut down kids lemonade stand buy drinks instead
indian woman becomes first female to climb previously male only mountain peak
professor donates hundreds of books to western iowa jail
lost cat finally comes home , 15 years later
the world is a greener place than it was 20 years ago .
new york inmate ' s golf drawings lead to exoneration in murder
entrepreneur goes from refugee to employer in one year . great success story .
i ' ve saw reddit do amazing things for kids . i thought the collective hive could do it again !
man gets abused by woman at a gas station he then goes ahead and pays for her gas
bat signal shines from l . a . city hall in honor of actor adam west
redditor wins right to use anonymous screen name in copyright case
sustainable agriculture in georgia improving the industry
secret millionaire: vermont janitor bequeaths fortune to hospital , library
a man escaped a high rise on fire by climbing down it in true " spider man " style
canada vows to double syrian refugee intake
hockey dream comes true for united arab emirates women ' s player
' seeing eye camel ' acts as guide for blind horse at zoo
an uber driver picked up a suicidal passenger , then probably saved his life
soon to be grandmother cant figure out who put bun in the oven
mom with rare brain disorder adopts kids who have it , too
long term fate of tropical forests may not be so dire
best buy recycles 2 billion pounds of e waste and appliances
on good friday inpakistan , muslims wait for hours for delicious hot cross buns !
president trump donates first quarter salary to the national park service
trump emphasizes workforce training in new vision for stem education
walmart cashier steps in to polish disabled woman ' s nails when salon refuses
obama tolerance tweet becomes most liked
hungry , pizza stealing stray dog leads to homeless puppies rescue
donations soar after ' dress day ' criticism
mom with ' gut feeling ' stops school shooter before planned attack
india sends three naval ships with relief material to #idai #cyclone affected #mozambique
policewoman has rescued and rehomed more than 63 cats and kittens
buddy bench initiated by student at school to help classmates overcome loneliness and bullying
rhode island files historic lawsuit against 21 big oil companies " here we arethe smallest state , the ocean statetaking on the biggest , most powerful corporate polluters in the world
this hurricane season , puerto ricans are imagining a sustainable future
elderly denver heart attack victim saved after pet labrador ' dials 911 '
marine corps integrates male and female platoons during boot camp for the first time
doorbell camera shows dogs running for help after owner collapses from a stroke
eighty six dogs rescued in swoop on puppy farm
lion mama: the woman who fought off her daughters rapists
a powerful ad where a father pens a letter to his daughter about gender roles .
guy gives free boat rides to underprivileged &amp; special needs kids in sandpoint
google has opened its first africa artificial intelligence lab in ghana
baby born to a brain dead mother through cesarean section after 32 weeks is healthy without complications
couple raise funds for children ' s library on their wedding
four chinese miners rescued after 36 days underground
' she is a miracle ' baby born at just 23 weeks beat the odds and is now a thriving toddler
one year ago , this girl decided to change her life . she sure did !
woman , 36 , abandoned in dumpster as a baby searches for the person who saved her life
watch: military mom teams up with santa for sweet homecoming surprise
jason momoa got stuck in a vancouver elevator and had the time of his life
video: fell runner rescues baby sheep stranded on mountain
black men arrested at starbucks reach $1 deal with philadelphia , but it includes a $200 , 000 commitment for a youth entrepreneurship program
japan to add 17 gigawatts of new solar by end of 2020
12 year old ' s nonprofit to assist girls education !
beula gabriel , a 77 year old principal who sold her own house to keep her school running so that the young kids would chase their dreams
community rallies around homeless man who got his christmas tree stolen twice
goats like people who smile at them
lamborghini donates two cars to their police worth $250 , 000 each so emergency first aid situations can be attended to quickly
police find offbeat scene when responding to noise complaint story
teenager raises $15 , 000 to send holocaust survivor to israel
strangers buy new car for rockwall man walking to work
the planet is healing itself
sonic donates $1m to classrooms nationwide
edinburgh zoo believes giant panda is pregnant
rachel devlin on the girls who fought school segregation
in icus , a furry friend to comfort patients the boston globe
gilroy couple donates everything in home to camp fire firefighters
a royal marine amputee has just become the first physically disabled person to row solo from europe to south america , beating the able bodied record by 36 days
stray dogs started turning blue . then the street mobilized . the new york times
new york to become 15th state to ban gay conversion therapy
' moved by god ' : stranger donates power wheelchair to family
ellen degeneres gives her biggest gift ever by surprising a group of students with college scholarships
buddhist poker player wins $600g , donates all to charity
family makes an interactive puzzle for child losing her vision
chile is generating so much solar power that it ' s giving it away for free
this old coal plant is now a solar farm , thanks to pressure from local activists in massachusetts , one town fought to stop pollutionand ensured a just transition for workers at the coal plant .
mother performs cpr on triplet while in labour; everybody lives
australian homes are turning to solar power in record numbers . its calculated that customers will save $600 million on their power bills over the next decade , thanks to the installations .
guy appologizes for fire in comments on news story about that fire
belize has approved a plan to protect 12% of its territorial waters , doubling the size of ocean reserves around the worlds second largest barrier reef .
pakistan and egypt had highest rises in research output in 2018
four year old girl ' s stolen puppy returned by remorseful thieves
pakistani singer halts concert to save girl from harassment , earns praise
tfl launches ' baby on board style ' badges for disabled passengers | transport | news
bucket list: mom loses job at 75 , son shows her life she never had
beyonce , jay z , ed sheeran , tiwa savage , cassper nyovest to headline global citizen festival mandela 100 in south africa
how one man ' s determination to start organic tea farming helped 2300 children get free education
radford university in radford , va . signs 7 year old leukemia patient to its baseball team , giving him his own locker and nameplate in the clubhouse
anti robocall legislation sails through house by a landslide
auto shop gives suv to man with spina bifida
in lieu of recent posts , i ' m a 16 year old that runs game givers , a nonprofit that donates video games to children ' s hospitals !
villagers knit jumpers for indian elephants to protect the large mammals from near freezing temperatures
1 , 300 volunteer dentists , dental hygienists , dental students from nearly 200 communities will offer free dental care on saturday and sunday at the wisconsin state fairgrounds expo center
what to know about robert f . smith , the man paying off morehouse grads ' student loans
egyptians honor 3 muslim police women who died defending christians
she ' s a warrior , battled cancer , divorce , and betrayal . it ' s good to see her happy !
partially deaf football recruit lands scholarship offer from michigan
children receive adoption papers for christmas
comedian patton oswalt helps man who trolled him raise $30k for medical bills
man donates half of his liver to stranger , marries her two years later
trevor the ' world ' s loneliest duck ' puts the pacific ' s tiny niue on the map
help save matthew battling again against acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( all cancer ) at 27 years of age . his only option is an improved car t cancer treatment and costs approx . $700k cad . he and his wife have lobbied in canada to help others overcome this cancer .
singapore has passed a law criminalizing the publication of fake news and allowing the government to block and order the removal of such content .
a muslim high school exchange student made a video of how a rural california town accommodates her need to pray 5 times a day ( prayer rooms are everywhere in a predominantly muslim country )
u . s . state dept . honors italian nun during human trafficking report presentation
man who claims god punishes gays with floods has his home destroyed in flood of biblical proportions .
dedicated convenience store boss works his 40th straight christmas
its my 6th cake day ! this is gonna be the year . . maybe .
nova scotia village hosts one of the smallest women ' s marches , but it ' s still mighty
university of tennessee offers free tickets to any individual or family displaced by hurricane florence
french billionaires pledge $339m for notre dame cathedral rebuild
iraqi refugee roza salih stands for glasgow council elections to repay scottish neighbours for their kindness .
yes , police are aware of that moose family on the glenn . please stop calling 911 .
penguin swims 5 , 000 miles every year for reunion with the man who saved his life
eu is convinced it has found new way for young people to fall in love with neighboring countries free train rides . . . kicked off discovereu project thursday to send up to 30 , 000 18 year olds chugging across continent this year , giving them free rail tickets to broaden their horizons .
kashmiris to hold walk towards un office after jummah petitions tomorrow
stealing small amounts of food to stave off hunger is not a crime , italy ' s highest court of appeal has ruled .
givedirectly , a charity that provides no strings attached grants to the worlds extreme poor , turns to cryptocurrency with $1m donation from ethereums founder &amp; omisego . donation will go to a campaign in uganda aimed at providing over 12 , 000 refugee households with a grant to change their life
fraunhofer reports combining farming with solar 186% more efficient in summer of 2018 | cleantechnica
police in utah organize a sub for santa for single mom caught shoplifting basic necessities
dad delivers his baby after wife sneezes herself into labour
the fog catcher who brings water to the poor
great barrier reef can survive rising sea temperatures , according to an expert: is the great barrier reef doomed ? not according to richard fitzpatrick , who ' s been monitoring it since 1992 .
bystanders jump into water in california to help rescue 2 people and a dog from sinking car
' hero ' digs road by hand for kenyan villagers
san francisco man on mission to feed the dogs of his homeless neighbors
thank you ! tangled whale rescued near crescent city
7 year old runs his own recycling business
football ( soccer ) player pledges to score goal in the 13th minute as a tribute to a boy who idolised him . goes on to do so .
uwe boll retiring from filmmaking
norwegians count their blessings in world ' s happiest nation
boy bullied for buck teeth gets new smile after donations pour in
father of boy killed in school massacre wins defamation suit
pharmacy assistant saved baby ' s life when she stopped breathing
indiana vending machine dispenses clean clothing and blankets to people without homes
karma win !
teens ask for jobs to avoid gangs , hired on the spot
florida girl frees herself from the jaws of an alligator by poking it in the nose
guy fieri surprises california firefighters with a home cooked meal
runner completes 5 , 000 mile journey from alaska to florida
ferrari will build one final laferrari supercar to help victims of the italian earthquake
customer leaves $2 , 000 tip at maine tavern to surprise of waitstaff
a palestinian school teacher won a $1 million education award on sunday to applause from world leaders for helping children to learn through play .
brain cancer patients live longer wearing electric cap designed to zap tumors
pope francis: christians should apologize to gay people and ask for forgiveness
250 , 000 demonstrators call on taiwan to be the first in asia to legalize gay marriage
the greater manhattan ( ks ) community foundation raised $528 , 328 . 13 for 55 nonprofit agencies during its fifth annual grow green match day on april 20 . that money came from 2 , 732 donations .
scientists have created the worlds smallest snowman !
prior to their depopulation , bison were the most abundant large mammal in north america . before europeans arrived , canada ' s bison population was 30+ million , but by the late 1800s there were only 200 left in canada . due to conservation efforts , north america ' s bison population is now 400k .
11 year old expands her charity granting wishes to nursing home residents
good samaritan steps forward to help family replace boys broken hearing aids
cancer drug prices slashed up to 86% in a year in india
fired for doing the right thing
hairdresser soothes teenager with autism by giving him his haircut in the car
once homeless philadelphia teen heading to harvard
white sox groundskeeper returns to job after 23 years wrongfully in prison
illinois graveyard vandalized with swastikas , community comes together to clean the gravestones
thailand cave rescue: 11th boy rescued as mission to free others continues
homeless military veterans find home through homeward vets
pulled over for speeding , grieving man stunned when officer drives him 100 miles to be with family
wisconsin bus driver rescues lost infant from freeway overpass: ' oh my god , i ' m shaking '
this doctor saved a thousand isis slaves
dropkick murphys perform special show for three year old cancer patient
i ' m a volunteer firefighter home for christmas . ended up having christmas dinner with a slightly larger crowd
the day i didn ' t die
people in japan donated their old phones to make 5 , 000 tokyo 2020 olympic medals . ,
georgia beachgoers help pod of pilot whales from stranding on shore
a bronx librarian keen on teaching homeless children a lasting love of books nytimes . com
scientists create designer virus to kickstart immune system and kill cancer
death row dogs rescued from cruel korean meat farm flown to us
borussia dortmund fans offer stranded monaco supporters accommodation in classy gesture
maine becomes 8th state to legalize assisted suicide
i came home today to find this note on my door . i ' m touched .
friends , family , and co workers of a man with special needs celebrated his more than three decade long career . mcdonalds surprised him with gifts , cake , cookies , and a party .
brutus the supermarket cat to be remembered with a statue at the store he visited every day .
just a video of a kangaroo majestically gliding across the beach
conservative state kansas elects sharice davids , the 1st gay native amberican woman in congress .
tab for a cause raises money for every tab you open
' easter miracle ' : aussie three year old missing for 18 hours found
alberta powwow dancer wearing t shirt receives donations for regalia
navy surprises ailing wwii veteran at his home
republican makes first move to work with democrats on healthcare
102 year old holocaust survivor reunites with newly discovered nephew
pilot proposes to flight attendant girlfriend in plane full of passengers
are you ready for kids ? mini goat breeders share advice about taking them on as pets
the university of virginia has announced that it has named a campus building in honor of peyton skipwith , a former slave who quarried stone for some of the early structures on the charlottesville campus .
premature babies gain comfort from crocheted octopuses , volunteers struggle to meet demand
after a life on welfare , a job changed everything .
ikea is taking in stray dogs that need a place to sleep
' border angels ' receives hundreds of donations across the country in effort to help migrant caravan
i asked god to send me an angel my way . " boy , 9 , saves man trapped under car
' girl in the box ' ( 1977 ) psycho cameron hooker who kept kidnapped hitchhiker in a tiny box 23 hours a day for seven years is denied parole and told: ' you ' ll spend ' at least ' 15 more years in jail
gum disease bug could play central role in development of alzheimers , scientists say
i caught my son home run with the bat i surprise him with for his birthday ! ! priceless moment ! !
cat goes on marathon jaunt from netherlands to austria
this should be in every bar . repost from r/mildlyinteresting
i have always enjoyed reading uplifting news , but creating uplifting news is so much better ! check out my free dad and daughter hair classes . thank you : )
gaza tree man undergoes surgery in israel
refugees integrating faster than expected into germanys labour market
rescuers brave hurricane irma ' s fury to save manatees
victory for conservationists as rare mountain gorilla population rises
' money talks ' : a $1 . 2 trillion fund manager is about to pull investment from companies that won ' t act on climate change
new york governor helps motorist struck in snow during storm
texas inmates break out of cell to save jailer ' s life
3 malaysian gold medalist paralympians each to receive $250 , 000 incentive reward from national sports council equal amount what their able bodied counterparts get for similar achievement .
how irelands ancient sports are helping to integrate children in the country ' s most ethnically diverse town .
pennsylvania is making may 23rd ' 143 day ' celebrating mr . rogers
us firefighter saves lifeless dog with mouth to mouth
how storytelling helps parents in prison stay connected to their kids
make lacrosse medicine again: maxwell kelsey 2020
portrait of a 6 year old artist with autism and her therapy cat
china moon mission lands change 4 spacecraft on far side
5 year old races motocross while battling leukemia
orlando hospitals say they wont bill survivors of pulse nightclub shooting
in 1975 two conservationists discovered a gorgeous salamander in the rainforests of guatemala . no one ever saw it again and jacksons climbing salamander was feared extinct until last month when local forest guard , ramos leon tomas , sat down in the forest for lunch .
quick thinking customer service representative saves michigan man ' s life
frugal 98 year old vet donates $2 million to wildlife , then adopts elderly chihuahua
baby born size of an apple defies odds to survive
kitten with leg deformity gets 3 d printed prosthetic paw to help him walk
man with down syndrome breaks through limits and becomes a juggling superstar
utility company pepco gets girl a hamster after receiving request meant for petco
house in the middle of m62 motorway to be transformed into ' wildlife haven ' stotts hill farm in yorkshire will enable wildlife and meadows to thrive while operating as a commercial enterprise .
' when she was put into my arms , i felt i was her mother ' mum who adopted little girl from china on watching her grow up
devon farmer ' too upset ' by slaughter gives lambs to kidderminster sanctuary
orlando becomes 40th city to commit to 100% renewable energy
diagnosed on the autism spectrum at 3 , ethan over comes to become a world champion .
nonprofit donates 300 bikes to mt . zion elementary
california mother reunites with son 21 years after he was abducted by his father
endangered orchid brought back from the brink after habitat was killed off by rise of the car
my 92 year old grandfather paints paintings for sick children
germany wipes slate clean for 50 , 000 men convicted under anti gay law
ross township police chief cheats death twice
japans masazo nonaka confirmed as world ' s oldest living man aged 112
the six year old kenyan fighting e waste
the 100% renewable energy movement is unstoppable cincinnati has become the 100th u . s . city to set a goal to move to 100% renewable energy .
reach out worldwide ( unsocial media goodness )
' saddest dog in the world ' finds a loving new family
volunteers step up as overnight fosters during power outage at nashville humane association
crossing guard saves 8 year old from kidnapping
roanoke county boy working to overcome speech disorder called apraxia with positive attitude , humor
cleaning company provides free services to women going through cancer treatment
teen shown on camera returning wallet ( and $1 , 500 ) to owner
video shows good samaritans pull officer out of police car after crash in chicago
in trump era , justice ginsburg signals her intent to work for years to come
dog training program is an alternative to jail
girl scout empowers other girls by starting student organization
alabama college student walked 20 miles to 1st day of work so his boss gave him his car
takeshi ' s castle is coming back !
wwe donates $1 . 2m to v foundation for cancer research
former jail is now an animal shelter where prisoners look after abused dogs
rescue that cared for cancer patient named cat of the year
firefighters rescue fat rat from sewer in germany
growing number of restaurants across the us have been donating meals to those whose lives have been impacted by the government shutdown .
mount hood rescue pilot says summit touchdown to save suicidal man was routine maneuver
mumbai , india day before environment day , 160 tonnes filth removed from beach
this 21 years old air controller stayed in the control tower to ensure the flight to bali could safely take off during the 7 . 5 earthquake saving plenty of lives .
awesome photos of animals that stopped to smell the roses
iraq war vet who rode the bus to do volunteer work surprised with a new car at costa mesa repair shop
town built around foster families expanding to host another 40 foster homes
penn state thon 2019 raises $10 , 621 , 683 . 76 to fight childhood cancer
young girl inspires uk county police force to consider employing police cats
chardon middle schooler with cerebral palsy scores touchdown
over $52k raised for vendor after police seize his money
dying man ' s nigerian brother gets uk visa for bone marrow op
he quit his high paying job to build beds for kids who sleep on the floor
' its the only way forward ' : madrid bans polluting vehicles from the city center . only vehicles producing zero emissions will be allowed to drive freely in downtown madrid making it a pollution pioneer in europe .
father cheers on man running 10k race with sons donated heart
despite being shot by a policemen , this player etched his name in the history of indian hockey !
a former elementary school in kentucky is being transformed into a home for homeless female veterans and their children .
reddit community helps man recover lullaby recordings of dead wife
trump caves on unconscionable refusal to lower flags for capital gazette victims
tour at leipzig central station small dog saved by federal police
hundreds brave icy waters to raise money for special olympics
low income veterans receive much needed dental care , free of charge
a man from taiji , the japanese fishing town whose annual slaughter of dolphins has drawn widespread condemnation , will appear in court on friday in an unprecedented legal challenge to the hunts
nazi forums closed in reddit crackdown
researchers eliminated hiv from the dna of infected mice . it ' s the first step toward a cure for humans , they say
peace organisation crisis management initiative , founded by president martti ahtisaari , received an historic donation of 631 , 877 euros on thursday . the sum was part of a social media campaign to surprise ahtisaari a week before his 80th birthday .
us senate passes landmark bipartisan bill to enlarge national parks
man rescued after getting trapped in storm drain for 2 days
taiwan just became the first place in asia to legalise gay marriage
canada becomes nasas first international partner for lunar space station
life of biggie: from obesity and homeless shelters to the big time
tom hanks to play mr . rogers in you are my friend
oscar mayer wienermobile visits minneapolis teen with hot dog stand
homeless man who serenades metro riders says violin was stolen so the city gives him a new one .
germany ' s ' deadliest company ' pledges to stop selling guns to crisis regions . the move makes heckler &amp; koch the first arms company to have a more ethical export control policy than its own government .
couple tied knot at nursing and rehabilitation center where wife ' s mom is a patient , rather than have mom miss wedding
msp ' s ' flight to nowhere ' helps people get comfortable with flying
toddler from limerick , ireland who fell from a hotels sixth floor balcony turns on cities christmas lights display .
a 93 year old ohio woman has received the high school diploma she was denied because of rules that expelled married students .
india delhi metro ( dmrc ) to run all its operations from solar energy by 2021
16 year old with autism donates birthday money , supplies to shelter animals in need
little girl on a mission to show officer lives matter by hugging cops in all 50 states katrina pierson
l . l . bean donating $3 million to program promoting national parks
former inmate helps local rescue group win a big petco grant
tunisia will increase aid for poor in response to protests
israeli volunteers bring palestinians for their first beach experience
solar industry exec: solar panel prices will still be lower in 2018 than in 2017 , despite trump ' s attempt to make them cost more .
world war ii veteran picks up $1 , 500 tab for military members at chick fil a
in bahrain , arabs and jews gather ( and dance ) at a hanukkah celebration
rescued circus bear sisters to start new life at romania sanctuary
a group of teens teach a 5 year old boy with autism how to shred on a skateboard for his birthday
australian lady known for her generosity leaves a wonderful legacy after she donates her $4 . 3m fortune to homeless in her will .
world ' s longest serving orchestra musician , collapses and dies on stage doing what she loved
troll tries to destroy reporter , instead rallies support for him and raises awareness about organ donation .
10 year old girl climbs yosemite ' s el capitan and she may have made history in the process
india ( which has one of the highest student suicide rates ) began teaching happiness classes in school
thief returns 95 year old veteran ' s medals in time for anzac day parade
jimmy and rosalynn carter build houses , hope with habitat for humanity at 98 , jimmy carter may be best remembered for his house building projects for those in need
watch: triple amputee wounded in iraq wins jiu jitsu fight
high school football water boy with down syndrome scores td for terminally ill mother
anonymous donor provides 60k for girls surgery .
pinterest blocks ' vaccination ' searches to halt misinformation spread
donald trump ' s inaugural pastor creates ' safe haven ' for immigrants
' big cat poacher ' eaten by lions in south african reserve
humboldt broncos bus crash: broncos player from lethbridge signed donor card just weeks ago | calgary herald
if you have a second , send him a text . . wont hurt you but might make him smile .
church and clergy have fallen out of favor , new polls show
endangered green , loggerhead turtles make comeback in cyprus
fundamentalist christians bullied shop owner to stay closed on sundays , but the plan backfired
dog ' s life: ecuador retires 61 police dogs with honors
israeli immigrant takes syrian refugees for a fun day of playing in the snow ! ( x post /r/toronto )
firehouse subs donates $17k in equipment to campbellsville fire rescue
live animal testing at lowest level in more than a decade in the uk
leading architects and engineers are calling for all glass skyscrapers to be banned because they are too difficult and expensive to cool . if youre building a greenhouse in a climate emergency , its a pretty odd thing to do to say the least
sanctuary for elderly dogs opens , inspired by rescued senior beagle mix
calif . uber driver discovers sex trafficking ring led by females
community looks to repay good deed of homeless man
little girl ' s unexpected gift had police officer nearly in tears
to save tiny penguins , this suburb was wiped off the map
2 , 000 veterans form human shield at standing rock
200 , 000 diapers donated to idaho diaper bank
facebook users take complete stranger on free spanish holiday: a group of british friends have taken a stranger on an all expenses paid holiday after their friend with the same name couldnt attend .
rare sumatran tiger cub born at fota wildlife park .
interpol: 40 human traffickers arrested , 236 children saved al arabiya english
good samaritan helps homeless man put his life together ( story as comment )
an east haven 16 year old high school junior is being credited with saving his mother ' s life after she went into cardiac arrest on friday night while she was getting ready to watch him at a wrestling match .
mom texts dead son to cope with grief &amp; gets text back
man involved in $1 , 200 paypal mistake hopes to inspire others
united airlines found woman ' s engagement ring , had pilot return it by hand
die metastasis !
indian startup zomato gjves employees 26 weeks paid parental leave and $1000 per child .
fallen pearl harbor sailer finally laid to rest 75 years later after dna confirms his remains
someone told me to repost my story on to here , so here it is :] a really inspiring story of how fucking amazing our reddit community is , and how much love is flowing all around . ha , i sound like a hippy . maaaaan ;]
the very hungry caterpillar turns 50 and gets its own indigenous language translation
brave cop saved a young girls life: fast forward 18 years
let ' s ride the wave of peaceful protests !
3 year old saves her ailing father by facetiming her mother
seven women celebrate life after 100 at alberta canada seniors ' home
the kindness of a small town in georgia officers in the town of barnesville found 19 year old fred barley living in a tent on a small college campus . he now has $184 , 000 .
3 year old boy gets rid of neighborhood snow one driveway at a time
fill in school bus driver builds ramp for disabled girl
class act by dkm .
ril to invest $1 billion to merge jiomusic with saavn
northern irish engineer rescues cat stuck between two walls
baby and six adults found alive four days after ferry sinking
genaro gattuso , the former manager of football team a . c . milan , gave up 5 . 5 million to make sure his staff members would be paid till the end of their contracts .
an unbelievable turn around .
making all the right decisions
veteran wants to thank couple who paid his group ' s $300 dinner bill
trump signs executive action halting family separations
teens lauded for rescuing drowning bodysurfer who broke his neck
grand island hit run victim saved in part by dog treated for head injury
man stops traffic in kind act to get elderly woman safely across busy virginia street
people ' s reactions when called beautiful .
dogs rescued after hurricane destined for new lives in tampa
' little libraries ' spread worldwide after strong start in madison , wisconsin
the consumer goods multinational unilever is threatening to withdraw its advertising from online platforms such as facebook and google if they fail to protect children , promote hate or create division in society .
lower burrell newlyweds walk down the aisle of the community supermarket where they met
whale being rescued [pt br] ( 0:37 1:35 )
judge blocks an attempt to subject thousands of asylum seekers to indefinite detention try as it may , the administration cannot circumvent the constitution , an aclu attorney said
us to cover cost of robotic legs for some paralyzed veterans
this cleaner got cheated out of her dream holiday , then the internet came together
police kangaroo rescued after abduction by wedge tailed eagle
man who ' s legally blind sees favorite football team play for first time thanks to special glasses
years after adoption , nampa boy reunited with old friend from native country
family sends pizza deliveryman to check on grandma after hurricane
first baby in 12 years born on remote brazil island .
from a member in 18percent . org #mentalhealth
dogs sniffing out cancer warning signs in modesto firefighters .
tis the season for giving
' biggest pile of money on the planet ' to dump fossil fuels holdings: in ' astonishing ' move , norwegian government advised to divest its sovereign wealth fund of all its shares in oil and gas industry .
a malian migrant hailed as a hero after mounting a daring rescue to save a small boy dangling from a balcony in paris is to be made a french citizen .
a student helped thwart a possible school shooting in vermont
' i cried all the way home ' : santa claus grants final wish to a dying child
[xpost r/futurology] scientists create new building material out of fungus , rice and glass
a bizarre trend for life size dolls in thailand is forcing airlines to adopt new rules
iranian scientists unveil absolute cure for migraine
after 14 years , two combat zones and a hat trick , a mission to find a beloved nats cap
young rescued dolphin swimming free
colombia , farc militants hand over 100 kg of gold
saved by a ukrainian family , jewish boy lived to become a nobel laureate
there are now enough kakapo ( a rare endangered new zealand bird ) that the recovery programme is looking for new breeding islands
oprah filled a hotel room with hidden cash for housekeeping: " somebody is going to be happy today !
mlb rookie pays off parents ' debt for christmas
florida brewery unveils six pack rings that feed sea turtles rather than kill them
inspiring touchdown: player with cerebral palsy scores touchdown thanks to both teams
unc community generosity is helping a crossing guard visit her son
brewery gets its van stolen in north carolina , and it is found within 42 minutes after offering free beer for its safe return
willie wilson bails 46 inmates out of cook county jail
excess christmas food shared between 30 , 000 people in denmark
9 people showed up for a kkk rally in dayton , ohio . they were drowned out by 600 protestors
baby pulled alive from japan earthquake rubble after 8 hours .
couple to adopt 7 siblings separated by foster families
church gives away groceries for 1 , 000 families for christmas
kenya bans single use plastic products in parks
dad who works 3 jobs , surprised his daughter with her dream dress for the 8th grade school dance after telling her her he couldn ' t afford it .
maharashtra farmer sells land to construct dam for his village
new zealand parliament will unanimously pass a law today allowing the convictions of men for homosexual offences to be expunged from the public record .
d day veteran is set to marry his former fiancee 70 years after they were torn apart by the trauma of his wartime experiences . nora kept the engagement ring , which ron first presented her with 70 years ago .
politics rubio and fellow congressman help rescue victims at car crash scene
ups driver saves family from burning car .
one man tried a new tactic to defuse the charlotte riots: free hugs
homeless woman credited with saving life of colonial heights woman
san francisco makes city college free , regardless of income
boy builds adorable ice cream shop to raise funds for sick children
universal cancer vaccine ' breakthrough claimed by scientists
sacramento garbage man ' s biggest fan gets special present ( x post from /r/sacramento )
rookie florida cop delivers baby before he finishes training
charity gets stranded firefighter back home from puerto rico to make son ' s wedding
vallejo cops given $5000 in gift cards by anonymous donor to give to citizens
directtv employee helps save double amputee army veteran from house fire
an post , the irish postal service , is introducing a completely free service called address point; fixed addresses for homeless people so they can avail of postal services , such as job applications and medical post . it is the first of its kind in europe .
climate movement attracts new generation of activists
this inspiring 82 year old man is tirelessly working to fight suicide nationwide
northern virginia contractor to award scholarship for felons pursuing skilled labor education
costa rica doubled its forest cover in just 30 years: after decades of deforestation , costa rica has reforested to the point that half of the countrys land surface is covered with trees again .
between 2000 and 2015 , the prevalence of improved housing with adequate sanitation , size and quality doubled in sub saharan africa , from 11% to 23% .
it ' s now cheaper to build a new wind farm than to keep a coal plant running cbs news
familys dog turns up 10 years after vanishing from home
indian pakistani athletes support each other at the asian games
a wrongly convicted man who was paid just $75 for 31 years in prison finally gets justice
after 90 years , salmon are returning to the sultan river
inmate who lived upstanding life after he was mistakenly freed wins release
sunken spanish ship is found with treasure worth $1 . 5 billion and will soon be set in a museum
city of monroe donates nearly 5 , 000 lbs . of food to the food bank of nela
volunteers are cuddling vulnerable babies
the giving pledge is a commitment by the world ' s wealthiest individuals and families to dedicate the majority of their wealth to philanthropy .
plainville girl on quest to visit all 351 massachusetts police departments
dog in nj goes missing on way to chemo appointment , is reunited with family
google helps u . s . veterans find better jobs and grow their businesses
royal college of art students collaborate with london hospice to ' re style ' the experience of death
world hunger is at its lowest point in at least 25 years . thank democracy .
islamic state ' s ' caliphate ' on brink of defeat in syria
hero cat saves family from carbon monoxide leak
malawi hails historic relocation of 520 elephants
woman from new jersey uses couponing to feed 30 , 000 people in need
homeless hero , who rushed to the scene of the manchester attack , has been reunited with his mum after public appeal raised 50k
agdq has raised over 1 million dollars for the prevent cancer foundation
queenslanders turn out in droves to support strawberry farmers
a grass roots effort to feed the poor is growing , burrito by burrito
epic games chief pays $15m to protect 7 , 000 acres of north carolina wilderness
billionaire gives away his fortune to help save the ocean
wind energy now cheaper than coal
hudson the therapy dog is changing the future for disabled pets
this non profit helps provide closure for terminally ill children
this philly airport baggage handler has a million online followers . how did he do it ?
the oil giants might finally pay for pulling the biggest hoax of all: ny state sues exxonmobil on charges that it knew the risks of climate change and defrauded investors by misrepresenting them .
this desalination device delivers cheap , clean water with just solar power
husband and wife fight cancer through photography through an underwater project
hospital ' s in utero surgery repairs baby ' s birth defect
changing the face of beauty celebrates diversity in edmonton
australia to plant 1 billion trees to help meet climate targets
washington girl with autism shares special bond with rescued donkeys
afghanistan ' s charlie chaplin says he aims to make people smile , forget grief
sous chef from the restaurant i work at won a local ice carving competition . ( although he doesn ' t get credit in the article )
children ' s hospital team lends expertise to preemie hippo fiona
u . s . regulations to protect killer whales near b . c . coast working: study
90 year old world war ii vet to get honorary degree from catholic high school
britain ' s unlikeliest tourist destination gets a festive makeover
cameroon to restore 12 million hectares of forest in species rich congo basin
bike shop of bel air helps with heart melting holiday tune up | bel air , md patch
' amazing news ' : rights groups celebrate after italy bans use of circus animals advocates for animal welfare praised the italian parliament while calling on other nations , including the united states , to follow suit .
france should define a clear roadmap to fulfill its pledge to cut the share of nuclear power in its electricity generation to 50 percent by 2025 , french ecology minister said in an interview in the sunday edition of regional daily ouest france
very recently indian supreme court decriminalised homosexuality . now it turns out the lawyers behind the case have come out . . . !
coach comes out as transgender to his team . explains the importance of his move too
' teaching is a calling ' : meet the 101 year old teaching computers to seniors | cbc radio
at french hospital , mini cars drive away children ' s fears of surgery: public hospital in french city of valenciennes , which has begun using toys rather than drugs to alleviate children ' s fears of surgery .
army veteran , 54 , who crawled across a rocky beach for two hours after breaking his leg was saved by exchanging morse code signals with his wife using his torch
thought you guys would like my sister and nans claim to fame , nans present made the local news .
this new york city subway photo is giving people hope for a better america
the return of fauna in a planted forest
11 year old boy walks across usa to raise awareness and money for type 1 diabetes and jdrf .
shaquem griffin: college football ' s one handed star line backer
mother dies from cancer and leaves wise , hilarious and foul letter to her family
a three year old boy misdials 911 and the responding officer makes his day
' suicide squad ' brave bullets to rescue civilians in embattled philippine town
norwegians raise cash to re erect ' penis ' rock
air force veteran and his dog win $10 , 000 in grant money for local rescue
a year after her friend ' s tragic death this woman crossed the finish line of the race they ran together in her memory
' this is all stolen ' : canadian man offers to share his land with first nations
lets adorn footbridges with flowers
a 100 year old woman shares the secret of her young looks
nepal bans single use plastics in everest region
student helping the homeless with ' dignity packs '
sarah silverman responds to a troll
warren buffett to donate $3 . 6 billion of berkshire shares to 5 charities
create courage .
solar power is playing a growing role to save the bees #cleantechnica exclusive
domino ' s workers surprised with trip to las vegas , ' captain america ' tickets after helping to save customer ' s life
johnny cash to replace confederate statue on capitol hill
photo of multitasking mom caring for infant at work goes viral: ' she makes it look easy '
giant panda no longer endangered
how this model overcame bullies , rejections to live her dream
55 years of marriage and still in love . . . a beautiful story of true love lasting forever
snow leopards sighted for first time ever in eastern tibet
melbourne beaches enable 24 hour access for people with disabilities
chipotle to start testing bacon in september
former math teacher turns nyc subway into a classroom to help struggling dad
michigan state head coach mark dantonio has a moana ringtone , says " there is always time for a smile " when it interrupts press conference
why it matters that mercedes benz is firing robots and hiring people .
men can now learn how to bring a woman to orgasm , by using this sites app , and playing with a virtual vagina on their phones .
injured florida tortoise receives first ever turtle wheelchair
nike is about to give 7 , 000 employees raises
operation bbq relief feeds thousands in southwest florida
facebook mockery of west side family motivates san antonio man to donate pools to dozens of kids
charges dropped against woman who sheltered dozens of animals during hurricane florence
troy students surpass fundraising goals for charity in honor of former classmate
stillwater , ok throws parade for woman ' s 107th birthday
this woman run shoe company is stepping up ethiopia ' s economy
historys oldest smile found on 4 , 000 year old pot in turkey
couple uses shopping spree win to stock up groceries for calgary food bank
woman who filmed herself having stroke says video may have saved lives
oil rig crew rescues dog found swimming in gulf of thailand , 220 km from shore
norwegian store displays syrian home replica to show horrors of war
12 year old boy desperate for a kidney donation gets one from his teacher
how the san jose sharks saved the ' world ' s luckiest cat '
' making a murderer ' : steven avery ' s nephew , brendan dassey , has conviction overturned
fat is good for you ! new research says cheese and cream to prevent diabetes and heart risk
high school students start a lunch club so no one eats alone
man creates organization to help homeless reconnect with loved ones after decided after his own uncle who was living on and off the streets for 30 years passes away
maui hiker , amanda eller , found alive and unharmed after missing for 16 days
florida man is gifted free chick fil a for life to mark his 100th birthday
rochester man helping to dissolve language barrier one ' snap ' at a time
comfort dog helps wisconsin students read
right wing activist david koch dead at 79: reports
china just built a 250 acre solar farm shaped like a giant panda
complete strangers pitch in for school library
her black students struggled with messages about beauty . so their teacher wrote a song .
' the soupman ' comes to maine to help the homeless and fight the opioid crisis
manufacturing jobs are defying expectations
two off duty law enforcement officers were killed on friday night after being hit by a car along interstate 270 in montgomery county , maryland .
stolen library book , bid time return , is returned 35 years later with $200 , restored , and signed by the author .
white supremacist befriends a black woman now he ' s decided to change his ways .
b . c . orchardist believes he ' s grown the world ' s largest peach
woman jumps on back of man attacking baton rouge police officer , cops say
she overcame blindness to thrive at google
psychedelic psilocybin therapy for depression granted breakthrough therapy status by fda " this classification suggests the treatment has demonstrated significant potential in early clinical evidence , allowing the fda to assist and expedite subsequent development and review processes
top 10 cnn heroes of 2015
young super hero donates kidney to forever family friend when she finds out he had been keeping his kidney failure a secret for over 10 years . proud to be friends with both of these strong individuals .
local firefighters escort 6 year old girl to final round of chemotherapy in firetruck; raise $3 , 500 dollars for the family as well
penguin super colony spotted from space
us nurse adopts baby who had no hospital visitors for five months
national association of the remodeling industry finishes remodeling veteran ' s home after contractor abandons the job
deceased bills owner ralph wilson ' s trust gives $200 million to detroit and buffalo to build signature parks and trail system
vet planned to bomb a mosque . now he ' s a muslim .
humboldt broncos gofundme campaign raises $10 . 6m , largest in canadian history
mayor honors 10 year old baltimore boy for heroic act
lily beddall: girl with down ' s syndrome models for matalan
gay male suicides are on the rise . this epidemiologist explains why .
local group opens a ' warming shelter ' with only goodwill donations and their own resources .
for parents of kids with special needs , target ' s newest shopping cart is a game changer .
man who lost leg in afghanistan helps colin powell with flat tire
more than $300k raised so kids can keep family home after both parents die of cancer days apart
first baby with down syndrome wins gerber baby of the year
toronto newsroom plans retirement party for guide dog
bill gates thinks the 1% should foot the bill for renewable energy , and he ' s offering the first $2b .
thief who stole from taxi driver returns the cash with apology letter 12 years later
mother bummed she didnt get a call from her son on mothers day , so she went out to eat by herself . the staff noticed and gave her the best mothers day ever
amazon tribe wins lawsuit against big oil , saving millions of acres of rainforest
alum donates $10m to asu; wwii vet honors professor who taught him 70 years ago
double date: cousins born the same day at bwh
thieves turn in stolen bass after ' feeling the heat ' : one day after stealing an upright bass from local musician chris kamaka , thieves apparently had a change of heart . the priceless instrument has been returned and it ' s in good shape .
specialty beer honors endangered bird , money from commemorative beer glass sales , will go to support the green bay conservation partners .
best friends from compton make good on pact to succeed
troy player called ' guardian angel ' for helping family after rollover car crash
unlikely bone marrow match leads to a close connection &lt;3
muslim racially abused by homeless man reacts by stopping to chat and helping him find a job , house
veterans poetry seeks to heal , help
shes 98 . hes 94 . they met at the gym . gertrude mokotoff and alvin mann , newlyweds , who got hitched on august 5 in new york , after an eight year courtship . just in case you needed any proof that love knows no age . . .
101 year old florida woman gets second chance at prom
after university of washington band bus crashed on the way to rivalry apple cup game , something miraculous happened
kitten rescued in texas after three days stuck under traffic pole
davis boswell , a 15 month old baby , received a heart transplant after waiting 115 long days from a an lsu family in monroe la
new 3d printer can build home in days , says b . c . scientist
the who has officially decided to remove ' gender identity disorder ' from its list of mental illnesses . welcome to the 21st century folks .
big tech has big plans to help reconnect puerto rico
child labor plunges: millions more children get a childhood
felon completed law school and allowed to become an attorney
man meets dream girl at stadium two years ago , buys stadium brick , 20 months later , reveals brick &amp; proposes
a 16 year old boy from louisiana accepted to harvard
a nice story about a man helping to clean up his town
muslim youth clean up independence mall amid government shutdown
congress just quietly passed a law that could spark a boom for the $1 billion marijuana linked cbd industry the us farm bill passed on wednesday legalizes hemp . the bill defines hemp as an agricultural product for the first time and amends a major drug law that hadnt been altered in 50 years .
1 year old lucas warren is the first baby with down syndrome to become a gerber baby in the 90 years since the contest began .
wichita state newman basketball game raises $45 , 000 for charity
meet the man who has been providing 10 , 000 litres of water in latur every day for the last 3 months
' refugees welcome ' banner hung on statue of liberty in new york
ups driver adopts pit bull on her route after owner dies
homeopathic remedy made with saliva of rabid dogs will no longer be available , health canada says , although it continues licensing similar products by other brands . . . launched investigation after complaint about victoria naturopath who used lyssin to treat 4 year old boy for sleep &amp; behaviour issues .
mark adams day: home hardware employee with down syndrome celebrated on 25th anniversary
how two secretive seabirds evaded the endangered species list scripps ' s and guadalupe murrelets
north carolina family comes to the rescue on christmas eve . twice .
china to levy new taxes in bid to strengthen pollution fight
after fire , rival schools lend football gear to oklahoma team
have you heard about the plastic bag ban in bali ? but did you know it ' s partly because of two teen sisters who have been campaigning for years to rid their island of plastic
good samaritan returns missing $8k to schoharie limo crash widow
german parliament approves same sex marriage
rio olympics volunteer proposes long term girlfriend after the final and creates history !
buddy the bucket list dog dies with all items but one ticked off his list .
new milestone: 95% of german electricity provided by renewables on sunday at 11 am
surgery in america could change life of child born with treacher collins syndrome
the happiest railway station in england ?
bengaluru start up prints 3d tissue that functions like human liver
inspiration for the teddy bear taken off threatened species list .
he ' s done it ! runner does 39 marathons around 1 , 030 miles of the welsh coastline in epic charity bid
disney ' s elsa ' helps to make birthday magical when girls ' guests are no shows
moon ' s interior may contain water , brown university scientists say
craigslist founder donates $20 million to n . y . journalism school
my high school ( class of ' 05 ) elected a homecoming king with down syndrome this year . during a playoff game last night , he scored a touchdown with the goodwill of the opposing team
nigerien women seeking divorces
high school teachers in kansas city pulled students aside to tell them how important they are in this tear jerking video
enormous crowd packs the canal to clap and sing for amsterdam mayor van der laan , who is stepping down because of his battle with cancer
were doing a survey on facebook as part of a university research project . for every completed survey we will donate $1 to saigon children , a charity supporting education for underprivileged children in vietnam . click here if you have 10 minutes to do this anonymous survey and help out . thanks !
in the wake of the attack on the manchester arena , vigil keepers end minute ' s silence with " don ' t look back in anger .
new jersey joins states fight against isps
indian christians openly come out to defy attempts at forced reconversion
pampers steps up to install 5 , 000 new changing stations in mens bathrooms after a dads baby photo went viral
toronto woman was hit by bus last spring . they called for body bag . today shes walking miracle . theresa laurico was crossing queens quay with her dog , love , when she was struck , her arm and head pinned under a wheel . she fought hard to recover and is still fighting her jaywalking ticket .
dogs trapped in boiling hot car rescued by police
mary jane legal in michigan
finally , a change .
separated during indo pak partition , reunited after 7 decade search
houston mosques open doors to harvey victims on muslim holiday
kansas man gives 32 gallons of blood over 64 years
nova scotia becomes 1st canadian province to ban cat declawing
a few miles from san bernardino , a muslim prom queen reigns
a software engineer with brain cancer spends his last year relearning the violin and playing his first solo , the fiddler on the roof ' s cadenza , for his first play . " my violin playing is [ . . . ] how i show my appreciation for everything that people have done for me .
fort worth mom gives birth in hospital parking garage
' oh s***t , she ' s fainted ' mum ' s reaction to seeing daughter first time in nine months
son becomes a lawyer to win family land back
former sri lankan refugee makes the journey from australia to croatia to thank the sea captain who saved his life at sea .
syrian girl who used tuna cans for legs receives prosthetic limbs doctor says the eight year old ' will walk ' after she receives free prosthetic limbs .
mother , 100 , meets daughter , 79 , for the first time , thanks to the wonders of dna tracing
43 year old virgin finally gets lucky , thanks to bionic penis
racial disparities in cancer incidence and survival rates are narrowing
high school senior secretly sketches all 411 of his graduating classmates
the ' miracle ' that helped a us mum make history: first disabled woman elected to the us congress and first woman to have a baby while serving in the us senate
chicago businessman willie wilson put up money to get more than 100 non violent offenders released from cook county jail so they could be home for the thanksgiving holiday .
mit dropout launches free college with an ivy league acceptance rate
hpv sharply reduced in teenage girls following vaccine , study says
thousands turn out for burial of unaccompanied air force veteran at killeen veterans cemetery
boy hero , 7 , saves classmate dangling from ski lift . he grabbed his classmate when he slipped off the chair looking for his fallen ski .
girl asks the man who raised her to formally adopt her
patience and reassurance
volkswagen restores cancer worker ' s 350 , 000 mile beetle
thousands freed from prison custody as doj implements sentencing reform law
spire fm news exclusive: teenage girl describes moment she found collapsed skripals
a . i . could spur global growth as much as the steam engine did
stray tabby cat had to have both back legs amputated due to infection . now he has new back legs thanks to university of wisconsin students and a 3d printer .
uber plans to launch boat taxis in nigerias biggest city
former school janitor frames a get well card
see how bra clasps can save a turtle ' s life
night delight: ' supermoon ' to grace earth ' s skies
pakistan plans to plant 10 billion trees to fight climate change in next 5 years
our part of the milky way is four times bigger than we thought
the founder and ceo of chinese smartphone maker xiaomi is receiving a huge bonus , worth nearly $1 billion , and he ' s donating all of it to charity .
a third person may have become hiv free after a bone marrow transplant
a previously unknown population of at least 100 lions has been discovered by a wildlife charity in a remote park in north western ethiopia .
dutch judge: gas company nam liable for groningen earthquake victims stress , must pay
turkish mom who read lecture notes for four years to her blind daughter at law school has been awarded honorary degree alongside of her daughter .
heroic little irish boy rescues teen girl from abduction by men who ' grabbed her and tried to get her in their van '
not a reader ? at indias human library you can borrow people for knowledge instead
couple accidentally texts strangers about newborn , strangers show up to congratulate them at hospital
israeli children counter flaming kites with peace balloons
tears of a humanitarian clown | toronto star
st . augustine alligator farm welcomes six baby endangered tortoises
celebrating a 100th birthday is rare enough , but when three lifelong friends do it together , it really is a cause for celebration .
merrimack girl recognized for volunteerism named finalist in ' one million acts of good ' competition
cypress woman missing since monday found safe: twin peaks sheriffs station
31 year old cat , who chose his humans 26 years ago , is still going strong
holocaust survivor sings the national anthem at detroit tigers game
maine woman who loves ' cops ' gets ' arrested ' for her 93rd birthday
new ups navigation tool aims to save time and money with each turn
californias wildflower super bloom is so prolific you can see it from space
bezos launches $2 billion ' day one fund ' to help homeless families and create preschools
how bad is the labor shortage ? cities will pay you to move there
sweet pawlitics ! joe biden the human meets joe biden the puppy
photo captures elderly womans kind gesture to aggressive man on train
dog saves his unconscious owner by breaking window and barking to get the attention of two women walking by his home
chinese pilot sucked halfway out of airplane , ' hero ' makes successful emergency landing
brady kahle ( 9 ) sells his baseball cards to help friend with brain cancer
texas girl surprised with super bowl tickets after being treated for rare cancer
a girl born without hands has won a national handwriting contest . again .
this college dropout made one of the best virtual reality shooting games from scratch , by himself
the idea was to keep kids safe after school . now they ' re chess champions
lockport womans club donates $750 , 000 over the years to lths students
taiwan ' s parliament becomes the first in asia to legalise same sex marriage .
local college student raises money to help those in need in humboldt park
man saves new jersey family of 4 from savage wolf attack in canada
met office issues weather warning for snow and ice as arctic blast hits uk
cbse 2018 board exams : you do not worry , your school will take the exam
teen who was once starving starts charity to pack weekend meals for less fortunate kids
community comes together to paint neighbors house
the people of amsterdam come to the home of their dying mayor to support him in his final days . so much love for the mayor .
82 year old woman meets her 96 year old birth mother for the first time , after 50 years of searching
true love is a three wheeled bicycle built for two
author returns a decade later after publishing his first book and gives it to his hs teacher for being a role model . she cried because she was just starting to consider early retirement because she thought she wasn ' t having an impact on her kids . but this gets even more uplifting ! ( more inside ) .
france to let wolf population grow despite farmers ' fears a new plan announced by the government represents a rise of nearly 40% in the wolf population . wolves are listed as a protected species by the bern convention that france has signed up to .
canada budget 2018 makes national parks admission permanently free for kids
a new group called the cajun army is hitting the streets across south louisiana , helping people with recovery efforts .
little girl learns she and her siblings are going to be adopted .
alabama church to screen shunned arthur episode featuring gay wedding
brave couple who lost both children to rare disorder open centre to help other children
inspiring stories of three saudi artists who refused to give up in the face of challenges
lost world war 1 and 2 medals , found in the 1960s returned to family nearly 60 years later
boom: record high business optimism , need for employees at 45 year high
doggo who was abandoned finds loving home
police officer adopts baby daughter of homeless woman battling drug addiction
brain zaps boost memory in people over 60 , study finds
grads daddy daughter wedding dance is amazing
in oregon , guide dog trainers learn to let go
a limo driver and waitress team up to give a disabled student with the only known case of his dna disorder a great prom experience !
a touching story about roger moore ( autograph signing for a young fan )
neo nazi website founder ordered to pay $14m for troll storm
one brilliant way yesterday ' s forgotten health care ideas are making a comeback .
boy scout looks to advance by helping our homeless
scientists discover that humans have a magnetic 6th sense to detect something we cant even see
a robot that stops sick children from feeling lonely
boise , idaho has never tried to solve homelessness this way before the goal of boises housing first initiative is as simple as can be: homes for people who have none .
dave chappelle to receive 2019 mark twain prize for american humor
pure happiness on faces of kids on their adoption day
ohio pit bull slated for euthanasia becomes police dog
u . k . family enlists facebook army to bring stuffed toy home
$1m prize for heroic burundi woman who saved 30 , 000 children from war
walmart cashier steps in to polish disabled woman ' s nails when salon refuses
wildfire loss youth support group in ca made a video for kids across the state facing similar circumstances .
illinois governor signs new law raising teacher pay minimum to $40 , 000
national companies and celebrities helping those affected by the fort mcmurray wildfire
generous mancunians offer ariana grande fans lifts home , free taxis and rooms for night
researchers invent a breakthrough process to produce renewable car tires from trees and grasses
japanese scientist wins nobel medicine prize for work on ' self eating ' cell mechanism
female thor is coming to the marvel cinematic universe
the city of london will be powered with 100% renewable energy by october 2018
italy changes law to make all supermarkets give unsold food to needy
father forgives and hugs man involved in his son ' s killing .
texas is too windy and sunny for old energy companies to make money ( renewables on rise in texas )
irish kids treat stranded plane passengers to a typically irish song and dance in paris airport
ozone layer finally healing after damage caused by aerosols , un says
israeli scientists unveil world ' s first 3d printed heart with human tissue
jews and arabs march together for veganism and animal rights
the internet can ' t get enough of this elderly couple proving you ' re never too old to dance
what obamas photographer learned about travel
selena gomez donates money to uscs keck school of medicine for lupus research
cat rejected , returned to shelter 3x times before she finally decided to take matters into her own paws
how this dog mom protects a leopard cub from cannibalism
oleo sponge invented at argonne national laboratory can sop up oil in a spill
revealed: how britons welcomed black soldiers during wwii , and fought alongside them against racist gis
service dog waiting to board flight goes into labor , delivers 8 puppies
11 year old girl pushes limits on the football field
with the war in syria ending , refugees can finally and have been going home
all spotify premium users now get free hulu
boy , 13 , regains consciousness after parents sign papers to donate his organs
man goes from homeless , to helping others beat addiction
cia director john brennan has said that his spy agency will not use controversial interrogation techniques , such as waterboarding , even if ordered to do so by a future president
new energy storage method of stacking concrete blocks is cheaper than other methods
penn state thon 2017 raises $10 , 045 , 478 . 44 for the kids
uk government borrowing at 11 year low
leonard fournette involved in multi car crash , gives away bumper to fan after
91 year old woman spends more than 20 , 000 volunteer hours at dc veterans affairs medical center
' i had to do something ' : repo man raises money to save elderly couple ' s car
why the city of light is about to get a lot greener: tree cheers for paris
three young brothers started a candle company to buy themselves toys . now they donate $500 a month to the homeless .
using new technology , thousands of ancient maya structures ranging from houses , forts , irrigation canals , and even a large pyramid were found
france is the first country to ban all five bee killing pesticides
new york suburb declares measles emergency , barring unvaccinated children from public
a sikh holy site in pakistan which was closed during the partition of subcontinent , will soon be re opened after 72/years for the religious followers .
good samaritans save trapped kitten in hour long rescue outside singapore shopping mall
man ' s leg found in beaver dam
' we transform them ' : volunteer recognized for giving free haircuts for almost 3 decades
pizzeria feeds homeless with pay it forward approach
in the netherlands , empty prisons become homes for refugees
a camp in tucson , arizona , serves about 20 homeless people , the majority of them u . s . military veterans seeking shelter , food , camaraderie and refuge from the streets . the camp , run by the group veterans on patrol , has grown with the help of donations from local companies and residents .
an italian village is selling homes for $1 . 25 so it doesn ' t become a ghost town
mackinac island ferry crew rescues girl adrift on inner tube [photos]
' it could have been three hearses instead of ambulances ' firefighters praised for saving children from burning house
facebook post inspires mother to donate a kidney to a complete stranger , a police officer whose kidneys were working at 13% . after a perfect match , the surgery went ahead and both people are doing very well .
antigua and barbuda , trinidad and tobago , and paraguay join battle against marine plastic pollution
doorbell cam recording of kids ' ' amazing ' act of kindness captures thousands of hearts on social media
court: latin american countries should legalize same sex marriage
be inspired: bonnie the dog , once emaciated and injured , pays it forward
little girl saved by texas police officer throws him a tea party
thieves inadvertently save the life of a dog baking to death in an suv
giant tortoises believed to have been extinct for more than 100 years are found alive and well in the galapagos islands .
bettor wins $42 , 000 on a $60 bet for sergio garcia to win the masters
all girl engineer team invents solar powered tent for the homeless
blizzard takes young girls fan art and makes it concept artwork
a man hears about a local church that was vandalized . decides to help renovate the whole thing .
how india ' s prime minister modi stopped rural indian women from inhaling an equivalent of 400 cigarettes per day
an amazing guy with cerebral palsy trained with racing games to become a professional racer
100 , 000+ brave rain in hong kong in show of support to police
changing careers midlife: people share their success stories
a pledge by hong kong to ban its ivory trade has been welcomed by conservationists who describe it as a key step toward curbing the slaughter of african elephants .
bullied kids in kansas city can get free rides to school with motorcycle escort
the man who quit heroin and became a fruit juice millionaire
heart act: legislation to protect animal fighting victims &amp; save taxpayer dollars
seattle teen calls out her dads native american art . he learns shes right
nasa makes their entire media library publicly accessible and copyright free !
men adopt stray puppies found while celebrating bachelor party in woods
in a bering sea battle of killer whales vs . fishermen , the whales are winning
uber is giving uk wheelchair users a free lift to polling stations this week
bob geldof and john cleese join sleep in the park event for homeless
rescued puma joins minnesota zoo ' s other big cats
satellite images reveal the earth like few have ever seen
more than 120 dogs , cats in path of tropical storm barry in louisiana are flown to safety
suzie mccash from north tyneside earned award for calling 999 after her mother collapsed due to an allergic reaction
weekend snow helped grant a dying womans wish
h . i . v . is reported cured in a second patient , a milestone in the global aids epidemic
kid picks up lottery scratch cards and makes art .
90 year old wwii navy veteran gets high school diploma
one year on: starving boy left for dead now ready for school
aboriginal corporation donates albert namatjira painting to help pay for remote dialysis | australia news
burger king is doing their part to fight against the " pink tax " ; putting pressure on lawmakers to pass legislation against charging women more than men for products and services .
i found this obituary to be inspirational and uplifting . don ' t know if obits are often posted here . . .
denmark citizen ' s proposal for circumcision ban passes 50 , 000 required signatures for parliamentary debate
social media plea brings in loads of ' star wars ' kraft dinner for boy with autism
hero teen rescues blind 16 year old dog stuck in sewer drain
the canadian businessman who sponsored 200 refugees
26 women rescued at seattle massage parlors in human trafficking bust
social media sites reunite a lost dog with his family in toronto
alberta woman becomes great great great grandmother
babies with ' bubble boy disease ' cured using hiv with gene therapy
libya has a shot at peace as combatants tire of war , envoy says
vaccinations jump 500% in antivax hotspot amid measles outbreak
soldier saves man ' s life with hoodie , ink pen
ken jeong helps woman who suffered seizure duing his comedy show
thai boys found alive in caves
woman with down ' s syndrome fulfills tv dream
my friends autistic son featured in the local news ! !
unh aquaculture program donates 300 heads of lettuce to exeter pantry
atlanta hawks fans having wedding tab picked up by team
matthew charles the man sent back to prison after turning his life around when his early release was ruled a mistake , has now been released
a 9 year old canadian cashes in on the long lines for pot and sells out her girl scouts cookie supply
nfl draft 2018: shaquem griffin joins seattle to become league ' s first one handed player
world war ii veteran receives 50 , 000 cards to celebrate 96th birthday
she read about a 4 year olds mysterious death . a year later , it saved her own daughters life .
a missouri mother donates breast milk to texas flood victims
new alabama bill would abolish civil forfeiture , require convictions to confiscate property
recycling plastic for free transportation !
egyptian fisherman uses his boat to save 23 greeks , four dogs from wildfires
wounded british soldier hits back at islamophobia
a japanese pilot who attacked a town in oregon during wwii returned 20 years later to present his family ' s 400 year old sword as a symbol of his regret .
russian man volunteers for first human head transplant
meet lucky the dog who was saved during hurricane harvey
nova scotia mom says eye gaze communication breakthrough with daughter is going to open up her world
mom who won $188 million powerball jackpot gives nearly $700 , 000 to church
it belongs to all of us: volunteers help clean up national parks in shutdown .
nasa astronaut wears spacesuit painted by kids with cancer
irish fans are charming their way through euro 2016
animals are using colorados wildlife crossings , reducing collisions , cdot says
triple play: farmington students donate 10 , 000 canned goods in drive
a forever home for the dog
event planned for south korean bike tourer victimized by theft in portland
defiant runners , spectators unite in force despite terror threat
jewish people give muslims key to their synagogue after town ' s mosque burns down
hidden in the congressional omnibus spending bill was money for the clean cities program that everyone thought was on the chopping block
more than 130 men sentenced to life terms in maryland have been freed after a court ruling invalidating their convictions on due process grounds . not a single one has broken probation and they ' re adjusting well , considering the minimum amount of time served is 34 years
tiny homes pilot project combats homelessness , changing lives: 1 year later
revolutionary blast furnace vaporizes trash and turns it into clean energy ( without any emissions ) &amp; can be used as alternative to current fuel types .
stray golden retrievers from turkey find new life in u . s .
ohio boy donates all $15k in fair winnings to st . jude childrens hospital
' downtown duck ' follows owner everywhere
humpback whale ' knew rescuers were trying to help ' when it was saved from fishing nets for a second time
walmart anonymous donor pays off layaway accounts at pennsylvania store: on dec . 7 , a cheque for about us$42k was delivered to the store for 200 customers
california approves solar+school buses: california regulators have approved utility an sdg&amp;e proposal to install 3 , 000 to 6 , 000 medium and heavy vehicle charging stations , as well , a vehicle to grid pilot where 10 school buses will be tested for use as grid assets .
nintendo sends heart warming letter to a blind fan
blockchain based vouchers and ids for refugees work with no power , can ' t be counterfeited , now working with un , ec , and red cross
boy with cerebral palsy given new custom bike after first was stolen
kristen hough , 28 , is a wind technician , whose team is responsible for the electrical and mechanical upkeep of 61 turbines in tumbler ridge , bc , canada . like many in her small town , kristen worked in coal mines before moving to wind .
l . a . times donates pulitzer award money to fund youth journalism project in san bernardino
sick pervert records himself raping dogs and broadcasts it on the internet finally gets what he deserves
guy takes his telescope to the sidewalk to let others see the moon in detail
police department throws retirement party for 18 year old horse !
unemployed , living in a caravan , and now , winner of a $165 , 000 literary prize
little rock tattoo shop donates proceeds to help rescue pit bull dogs
north korea accepts offer from south to meet for peace talks
spanish police rescue nigerian girls sold for sex after voodoo threats
passersby rescue man , woman and dog from burning house .
after 16 months of dead fish , manatees and dolphins , florida ' s red tide ebbs
air force captain returns home to his baby boy
a heroic u . s . marine corps german shepherd who lost a leg sniffing out a roadside bomb in afghanistan was awarded the world ' s highest honor for service dogs during a special ceremony tuesday .
judge acquits woman who gave water to pigs headed to slaughter
chaotic glory: why 4 millennials bought a used bookstore
waiter returns lost $424 , 000 check to retired social worker
let ' s play . . . d&amp;d in prison
after trumps tweets , conservative activist leads neighborhood cleanup in west baltimore
after years of pressure , united arab emirates has passed a law banning people from keeping lions , tigers and other exotic animals as pets . all will be returned to their natural habitat
craftsman voluntarily repairs any family heirloom ceramics damaged by earthquakes in japan
trump must conform with constitution or he will be removed , ex bush adviser richard painter says
teen saves man ' s life after learning cpr earlier in the week
mighty snowpack brings hope for drought stricken california .
uk ' s porn age verification system to be delayed indefinitely
one punch left man brain damaged . . . but he ' s just walked unaided at his wedding
vermont legislature approves recreational marijuana use
japans princess mako giving up her royal status to marry commoner she met at school
five whales became stranded on a florida beach . hundreds of beachgoers came together to save them .
a beautiful tribute to carrie fisher
books come with kids ' haircuts at local barber shops
community rallies to help man with special needs in danger of losing home
former detroit lions play charity basketball game in allendale
missing german dog survives monthslong trek to switzerland
this shop is selling mugs with trumps racist tweets on the side and donating profits to help poor schoolchildren
snapping a picture of your hotel room could help stop human trafficking
vets treat dog found with maggot infested head wound with unbelievable results
rapper the game ' s son starts a gofundme for an arkansas police officer
new trend in activism: bailing out strangers from jail
portland , oregon ( us ) is using $300 , 000 in marijuana tax revenue to fund a public education program about safe drivinglocal news
hurricane irma does not contain sharks
already saved from gruesome fate , dog is rescued during snowstorm
john terry pays for young chelsea fan ' s funeral
nine year old raises nearly $6 , 000 at lemonade stand to help pay younger brothers medical bills
uk proposes ' latte levy ' on disposable coffee cups: british lawmakers have proposed a 25 pence ( $0 . 34 ) charge on disposable coffee cups and set a target to recycle or ban them all within five years . around 2 . 5 billion plastic lined paper cups are used in britain annually .
flagstaff physician assistant donates handmade heart pillows
fireworks banned on the galapagos to protect wildlife
guelph vets use 3d printing technology to replace majority of dogs skull
a woman born in colombia , but abducted while just days old , meets her mother and brother for the first time
buddhist poker player donates $600 , 000 win to charity
blankets to spread love " abington girls honor mother ' s memory by spreading kindness
india saying it will ban all single use plastics by 2022
the homeless men building their homes from shipping containers bbc news
iceland knows how to stop teen substance abuse but the rest of the world isnt listening
100 year old woman saved from homelessness by tony robbins
after earthquakes , uk mobile networks have refunded international calling costs to mexico
heros hockey: giving kids with cognitive challenges a chance to play
here be dragons
kate middleton has emotional reunion with midwife who delivered princess charlotte
hero surgeon treks for three hours through snow to help patient
taiwan becomes first country in asia to ban eating of cat and dog meat
students launch a unique 2018 calendar to challenge perceptions of homelessness: with the photos taken by homeless people
israeli scientists develop implanted organs that wont be rejected breakthrough development uses a patient ' s own stomach cells , cutting the risk of an immune response to implanted organs .
13 year old creates school closet to give clothes and supplies to classmates in need
people are posting hilarious pictures of their huge irish wolfhounds online
the " basketball cop " made a brand new court and started a foundation for the kids in his neighborhood .
us shutdown: canadian air traffic controllers send pizza to us workers
moscow city looked like a fairytale during orthodox christmas
seaworld returns rescued sea lions to ocean
shrooms are the safest drug you can take
flint water has fallen below federal lead limit
canadian scientists figure out how to preserve vaccines without refrigeration: a potential public health game changer
southwest airlines flew stranded travelers out of houston for free
my school ' s mascot was going to pass away from health complications , so the university and its seniors decided to hold a graduation for him .
homeless victim of cruel prank surprised by gift from san francisco 49ers
a reporter attended a school board meeting for 3 hrs , longer than other journalists . that ended up being a very good decision .
scotlands free tampons show the true mark of an evolved civilization
pearson posts a $3 . 3 billion loss as it faces down a collapse in its biggest market
homeless men in aspen , co grilling lobster tail , lamb , salmon
grandma k gives toys to poor families every christmas , from her own pocket
hawaii hiker found after 2 weeks missing
under a new pennsylvania program , every baby born or adopted in the state is given a college savings account with $100 in his or her name
thailands maya bay , location for the beach , to close to tourists: the bucket list beach on the island of koh phi phi leh became famous when it featured in the leonardo dicaprio movie , but environmental concerns mean it will close to tourists from june .
lulu the funeral therapy dog brings smiles to mourners: ' she just knows how to go to people '
all 12 boys &amp; coach rescued from thai cave !
dog that had muzzle taped shut gets best day ever ! !
walking tall: hastings pier wins the stirling architecture prize . nicknamed the plank , de rijke marsh morgans stark wooden wonder using timber reclaimed from previous fires was praised for changing the idea of what architecture is .
first set of quadruplets ever accepted to yale
hotel donates $5 , 000 to clear student lunch debt
governor signs renewable energy and climate change bills into law
queen elizabeth ii becomes world ' s longest serving monarch
arkansas woman who lost home wins $150 , 000 lottery prize
collapsed 73 year old man &amp; two dogs rescued from the desert after 4 days stranded thanks to miraculous appearance of a cyclist
can the ' great green wall ' stop desertification in china ?
2 koreas to destroy 22 front line guard posts by november
a rare breed of blue eyed horses , once considered ugly and " ghost like " , is now on the rise again thanks to a diligent farmer and her daughter in north iceland
donate your crap ( someone else ' s treasure ) for free ~ and you don ' t even have to drive !
senior golden retriever gets seeing eye puppy after losing his eyes story
the robot that could walk on mars put through its paces: nasa ' s humanoid valkyrie shows off its skills
can a holocaust survivor share a flat with the granddaughter of unrepentant nazis ? not only yes but , hell yes , if both are good , open minded people .
a 23 year olds mission to take rubbish out of our seas
when dad had heart attack , hamburg girl , 7 , knew how to call 911
one handed hitter
san jose flood: victims to receive $5 million gift from vietnamese billionaire
saudi women will soon be able to drive . and , now , they want to fly , too .
texas boy who dreams of becoming a firefighter donates 125 smoke detectors for needy seniors
you won ' t believe how cryptocurrency is solving poverty in nairobi kenya . tomatoes are now being traded on the blockchain by using sms .
you ' ve heard " without you " performed by numerous artists , but the original band has a tragic history . they never saw a penny , leading the 2 writers to commit suicide . this youtuber covered the song &amp; is donating all mp3 sales and ad revenue to a suicide prevention charity in the band ' s home country .
a company is building 3d printed homes with the intention of sheltering those living in extreme poverty .
israeli veterinary hospital repairs an injured snails broken shell after someone stepped on it
beloved bus driver ( and diehard eagles fan ) surprised with super bowl tickets
trump d devil ?
ohio woman saves toddler hanging from gutter , police say
in rubble of aleppo souk , tablecloth shop makes solitary comeback
the patriarch and matriarch of one of silicon valley ' s most prominent families in real estate development and philanthropy , john and susan sobrato , have made a gift of $100 million to santa clara university to enhance stem education .
atlanta resident saves over 70 dogs from isolated kill shelters using heartbreaking flyers
researchers find a way to turn recycled plastic water bottles into prosthetic limbs
richard marx stops passenger attack on korean air flight
a young mother explains how a viral overdose photo helped her get clean
ketone drink may one day fight alzheimers disease and dementia
under police protection , kyoto ducklings reach their new home .
dallas area muslims pack survival kits for homeless to say ' you ' re not alone '
businessmen donate 1 , 300 kilos of vegetables to residents displaced by active volcano .
more than half of britons believe people can be trusted , survey finds itv news
false is good: 18 year old macedonian shows how fake news is done
international hsbc survey finds one in four entrepreneurs aged under 35 said they were more motivated by social impact than by moneymaking
extremely frugal university librarian leaves his entire fortune to the school upon his death a $4 million value
attack on inter caste married couple " absolutely illegal " , supreme court | newsondot
sportsmanship at its finest: pro golfer in tournament penalizes himself after chipping in for eagle
new research suggests optimism for hiv/aids experts believe we are close to effectively wiping out aids in eastern and southern africa . if trends in the use of hiv/aids treatments hold , the rate of infection might fall to a key threshold which would , in theory , stop the diseases spread .
hot pizza delivered in the trenches ukrainian veterans bring the treat , paid for by donations , to cheer soldiers on the frontline
ontario rescue group welcomes golden retrievers abandoned in turkey
across the rich world , an extraordinary jobs boom is under way
holland , michigan uses leftover hot water to heat streets instead of dumping it in the lake
technology that helps dog lovers
in a significant medical breakthrough and a first in the world , a dual live donor transplant was performed on a 20 month old girl
in iceland , teenage smoking , drinking and drug use have been radically cut in the past 20 years . this is how they did it
downtown seattle superhero saves cat ?
couple who founded a repatriation trust for bereaved families win the lottery
man ' tips ' a car
service dog saves handler from house fire
adam levine offers to pay for christina grimmie ' s funeral
a court in ontario has agreed to quash $65 , 000 canadian dollars ( 38 , 500 ) worth of tickets racked up during one mans nine year stint living on the streets , in a case that has sparked debate on the effectiveness of legislation that criminalises homelessness .
when social media isnt all bad: the story of a little boy called mohammed that inspired a group of women to make this world a little brighter
severed arm reattached to woman in mrt accident
paralyzed 22 year old pittsburgh woman vows to walk again after diving accident
36 year old accountant steals the show as chicago blackhawks ' emergency backup goalie
australian woman rescues orphaned baby bats ( and wraps them in tiny blankets )
homeward bound: two officers drive across three states to reunite lost dog with its owner
a dying veteran gets to fulfill his last wish: to just catch one more fish .
rochester area violinist plays on after successful brain surgery
police find 21 missing youth during 2 day blitz
netherlands prisons are so empty they ' re being turned into homes for refugees
floating garden is successfully cleaning the most polluted waterway in the u . s .
man hugs trump supporter who sucker punched him earlier in the year .
michael dell , tech billionaire , pledges $36 million in harvey relief
lab puppy training to be service dog reunited with omaha family after he was missing 9 days
paralyzed rescue dog gets second chance at life in stillwater
' we will finally touch the sun . nasa unveils historic first mission to the corona
5 year old texas girl saves mother from drowning
tampa florida seminole heights serial killer suspect arrested
lottery millionaire to work at slough care home on christmas day
dogs dream about how much they love their humans , says harvard psychologist
autistic girl spent her 18th birthday with no one showed up , but she is in for a surprise this year
autistic 13 year old who saved a fellow student from chocking becomes " inspirational islander " in new york . " not only did brandon administer the heimlich maneuver , but he did it successfully and saved a life doing so .
a healthy group of tasmanian devils has been discovered in australia , giving new hope for the survival of the endangered species .
daytona beach police officer adopts ' frozen puppy ' rescued from river
bullies call teen fat after seeing her prom photos , but boyfriend has the perfect response
teen hits back at isis by sculpting ruined artifacts
aneurysm survivor donates blood at every opportunity
after 54 inseparable years together , new zealand couple pass away peacefully within hours of each other .
there was a big honor wednesday night for the man who is credited with saving the life of an abandoned newborn at a north harris county apartment complex .
federal court sides with teen gavin grimm , rules civil rights law protects transgender people
[deleted by user]
family , 2 cats and a turtle safely escape placentia fire; 1 cat given oxygen
trader joes ex president launches grocery store that sells healthy food at fast food prices
bouncing bomb dredged up after 70 years
99 uplifting news stories showing that 2017 was a great year
first paralyzed human treated with stem cells has now regained his upper body movement .
chinese fireman goes face first down well to rescue five year old
4th grader invents device to keep babies from being left in the car and wants you to copy her cheap design
another baby white rhino ! n . c . zoo announces second birth in 11 days
dwayne johnson responds to minnesota high schooler ' s prom proposal with a private screening of " rampage
the ' spy cam ' that is helping blind teenager ' see ' for the first time
nasa ' s juno mission enters jupiter ' s orbit
boy wins fame for deleted zombie game
a refugee family describes their first american thanksgiving people do things in so many different ways here , she said: how they dress , how they raise children , how they worship . i was surprised that theres a holiday that everyone celebrates .
400 students showed up to sing to their teacher battling cancer
night parrots: not so extinct , and not so restricted in range either
rescuer wins free fish heads for life
anti gay pastor quits christianity , leaves wife &amp; marches in pride parade as atonement
muslim driver delights jewish passengers with passover bus
florida pit bull , adopted from shelter , fights off coyotes and saves new owner ' s cat
pokemon go player inadvertently saves 5 precious kittens
walmart employee steps in when nail salon employee turns away woman with cerebral palsy
graphene lined clothing could prevent mosquito bites , suggests a new study , which shows that graphene sheets can block the signals mosquitos use to identify a blood meal , enabling a new chemical free approach to mosquito bite prevention . skin covered by graphene oxide films didnt get a single bite .
taiwan has announced that it will shut down its domestic ivory market by 2020
mans best friend , bacterias worst enemy
living near trees , not just green space , improves wellbeing
family dog in ' protection mode ' helps patrol chopper find toddler in minnesota cornfield
adele accepts invitation to montana mans wedding
a 93 year old widow of holocaust survivor has donated $22 million to a german zoo saying she wanted to give back to the city where she and her husband met during wwii
domino ' s staff save life of regular customer after they stop receiving pizza orders from him | americas | news
sri lankan navy rescues two drowning elephants by pulling them back to shore
facebook sos message saves 2 injured tourists after they plummet off cliff
85 year old navy vet takes up tap dancing
court upholds designation of 187 , 000 square miles ( an area larger than california ) as critical habitat for polar bears
echiro oda donates us$ 8m to kumamoto earthquake relief
blue bonds: an audacious plan to save the worlds oceans
the reddit connection that got me into college
after 32 years , homeless veteran reunited with family in s . c .
nine ex medical research chimpanzees find new happy home in louisiana ' s chimp haven sanctuary
' this is more than money , this is love ' legendary big issue seller jeff thanks bristol for his new van
thousands of wild american bison appear from no where at standing rock
poland becomes first country from former soviet bloc to be ranked a ' developed market '
facebook forced to apologise for censoring burn victim ' s birthday photo
this woman didn ' t lose hope after her pilot husband ' s death . instead , she followed his footsteps &amp;amp; became an iaf !
operation brotherhood seeks donations of hygiene , nonperishable food items . care packages to be distributed at va maine homeless veterans stand down in october .
las vegas pizzeria ' s new grasshopper pizza takes world by swarm
cop responds to ' noisy kids ' complaint by playing basketball
shopping mall in turkey allow ' s stray dogs inside during cold snap
an 81 year old woman who grew up in an orphanage has met her 103 year old mother for the very first time
michael bloomberg donated $1 . 8 billion to pay for tuition of students from low income families
denmark just set a wind power record . . . again
100 for 100% . policymakers and corporate leaders ignored the academic debate over 100% renewables , and went ahead with policies anyway .
the new neighbors club of south brevard beaches presented new shoes for children in various shelters across melbourne just in time for school .
high point volunteers help repair homes for veterans
massachusetts attorney general maura healey sues environmental protection agency over continued use of pesticide , says residue can be a danger to children
after completing a donation of $111 million , shidler donates $117 more to the university of hawaii college of business , totaling $228 million .
medical backbrace ? steampunk corset !
fund for bullied syrian boy is closed after it raises 158 , 000
greek solidarity movement embraces refugees citizens ' initiatives created during debt crisis to help destitute greeks now playing key role in helping refugees
we are living in the most peaceful and safest era in human history .
tonka responds to md . woman ' s request for trucks for brother with cerebral palsy
mystery of hawaiian volcanoes finally solved by the geoscientists preparmy
bride invites 60 needy kids and their families to her glitzy ny wedding reception after the ceremony was canceled when she refused to sign a prenup
29 pieces of good news that got choked out by trump stories
italian football club as roma are including missing children searches in their transfer announcements
a new york inmate whose talent for art caught the eye of a prison warden , ultimately leading to a review of his case , has been exonerated of murder .
bcg vaccine can reverse type 1 diabetes to almost undetectable levels , eight year study shows
hamilton woman searched for 24 years for the daughter she was forced to give up . then fate brought them together | the star
crispr gene editing relieves muscular dystrophy symptoms in dogs
flanders to plant 10 million tree ' s by the people for the people
first commercial carbon capture plant goes online
lionel messi
anonymous ' santa claus ' pays off all layaway items at a vermont walmart
west africa marks end of deadly ebola outbreak
her husband couldn ' t be there , so her navy family was .
disney , unions agree on contract to raise hourly wages to $15
my hometown ( buffalo , ny ) just held it ' s annual 11 day , non stop 24/7 hockey game , and raised $1 . 6 million for cancer research
king of the netherlands admits he is a commercial airline pilot in his spare time , using it as a ' relaxing hobby '
the moment a us father hears his dead daughter ' s heartbeat
wild bison born in banff , canada for the first time in 140 years
this new mexico school welcomes families who live across the border: as anxiety increases within the immigrant community over stepped up enforcement along the u . s . mexican border , one small bi national community in new mexico is working hard to keep families connected through education and schooling
a man ' s house burned down and he died in 2013 . to honor her son , his mother donated the land where his house once stood to habitat for humanity .
3d printed bionic hands trial for children amputees begins
michigan woman dedicates life to helping homeless , at risk youth get off streets
pret a manger is opening a hostel for homeless people in london its a first for the food industry in the uk .
chilean senate approves prohibition of all plastic bags in the entire country .
adopted pit bull pup refuses to leave shelter without her best friend
' that ' s canada for you ' : shoppers leave cash , ious at unlocked grocery store
paralyzed penguin walks again thanks to stroke survivor
angels in mega trucks: drivers join rescue in storm hit texas
cancer survival rates improving across europe
colorado church offers immigrant sanctuary from deportation
dog teaches vietnam veteran to love again
critically endangered kakapo , a flightless parrot native to new zealand , sees boom in numbers
dwayne the rock johnson surprises stunt double with custom pickup truck
for months , william evertz jr . saved up his allowance , hoping to eventually have enough to buy a power wheels police car . instead , the 5 year old used his hard earned cash to purchase lunch wednesday for the winslow ( nj ) police department to show his appreciation to local law enforcement .
a small city in iowa is devoting 1 , 000 acres of land to america ' s vanishing bees
newborn baby whale that washed up on shore saved by kids
glasses made to measure . . . for $1
the enlightenment is working the world has improved by every measure of human flourishing over the past two centuries
the power of a living medicine: gene therapy creates replacement skin to save a dying boy
perths anglican church offers heartfelt apology to lgbt community diocese says it is deeply sorry for any harm we have done by words and behaviour that have not displayed the love of god
voluntary euthanasia bill passes australia ' s victoria upper house , state set to make history
priscila cachoeira overcame a crack cocaine addiction that nearly killed her , now has an 8 0 mma record and will make her ufc debut on saturday
man saves dog from grisly elevator death at last second
as a syrian refugee in america , i watched my country collapse . but there is a path to hope .
hawaii seems poised to ban coral damaging sunscreen: it would be the first state to prohibit the use of sunscreen containing ingredients that scientists say harm sea life .
the alpacas protecting 24 , 000 christmas turkeys bbc news
britain will ban all new petrol and diesel cars from 2040
teen returns purse found in middle of road with $10 , 000 inside
manhattanhenge will be at the end of may this year .
the 22 year old brit who stopped the global cyberattack is donating his $10 , 000 reward to charity
groom stops wedding photo shoot to rescue drowning man
new mexico replaces columbus day with indigenous peoples day
costa rica coffee farmers brew up a carbon neutral future
eu rejects israeli claim over illegally occupied golan heights , says it belongs to syria
ryanair and the french accordion player the true story of a viral video that flew around the world
seatbelt covers showing emergency medical information prove a viral hit
10 year old surpasses $10 , 000 raised for less fortunate families iver 4 years
revealed: muslim woman prevented second terror attack on paris by tipping off police about whereabouts of isis mastermind
wind is outpacing coal as a power source in texas for the first time
oregon hiker receives warning , not criminal citation , for taking ' malnourished ' bear cub to wildlife center
malala yousafzi: from being shot in the head to studying at oxford
one of the uk ' s leading female astronomers is to donate her 2 . 3m winnings from a major science prize she was awarded to fund women , under represented ethnic minority and refugee students to become physics researchers
loveless monkey adopts chicken at israeli zoo
the trump administration has granted a six month extension to nearly 60 , 000 haitians who were offered temporary protection in the us after a devastating earthquake in 2010 .
people are knitting giant sweaters for rescued elephants to protect them from cold
chocolate company discovers way to slash sugar content without changing taste
court clears way for boys to try out for girls dance teams in mn
former inmates graduate from ivy tech community college and get a new lease on life
wwii veteran united with lost love letter from his late wife
n . j . teen overcomes homelessness , accepted to 17 colleges
homeless man goes out of his way to return lost purse .
mother told she would miscarry celebrates baby ' s miracle birth
san francisco police officer gifts boy a batman costume for halloween
texas police officer uses cpr to save life of 3 year old
harvard testing climate change solution in 2019
duck lands on duckless island , locals topping up his pond to keep it from drying out and are thinking of finding another duck to stop him getting lonely
new breakthrough pill could cure tinnitus
anonymous $1 million donation made to miami dade high schools in honor of king carter
she stood up to cuomo . soon shell be the first woman to lead the n . y . senate .
foo fighters guitarist to fan whose ax was stolen: bummer . want another ?
this wall of kindness is a great idea to help those in need ( beirut )
king of west african tribe takes landscaping job in canada to to raise money to improve the health care standards for his tribe of 6 , 000
9 year old uses own allowance to cover school lunch debts for his entire 3rd grade class
how did walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ? it paid its people more
fireworks being used for a good cause: just $25 could build nine chili clouds to save elephants and improve lives | the nature conservancy in tanzania
forty six dogs were flown to new york from south korea after being rescued at a farm where they were to be slaughtered for human consumption , animal advocates said sunday .
after no one comes to his birthday party , oregon boy gets a happy surprise
myanmar ' s rebels with a cause: meet the punks caring for yangon ' s homeless
bailey the labrador held at irish police station , released without charge
doctors experiment w/ stem cells to treat heart defect
waterford woman moved to help refugees in turkey during harsh winter
san antonio spurs honor 103 year old filipino war veteran
phone calls from new york city jails will soon be free
uk achieves first coal free week since industrial revolution
aldi security guard pays for pensioner ' s shopping after seeing him struggle
young man walked miles for first day of work , gets car from ceo
couple to wed after losing nearly 600 pounds together
mosul univ celebrated the defeat of the is with its first reading festival in years . 7000 books were gifted to the crowd , majority of them women .
ringling bros . circus announced that it will retire its performing elephants two years early to a conservation center in florida
the first thing this man heard after turning on his cochlear implant was his partner proposing
one womans facebook post leads to michigan vote against gerrymandering
new zealand public successfully crowdfund the purchase of pristine beach to gift back to the people
amazon donated a homeless shelter
' i now believe in hope ' : volunteers rebuild destroyed home of disabled veteran
taiwan rainbow ' lasts record breaking nine hours '
nine year old double amputee set ' make history ' and walk the runway at new york fashion week
man rescues woman from sinking car
chi chi , therapy dog who lost all 4 paws , named 2018 american hero dog
truckers take the wheel in effort to halt sex trafficking
children exceed recommended sugar limit by age 10
operation git meow wants to save the feral cats of guantanamo
minnesota couple deliver christmas baby on side of the road
japanese island , used to make chemical weapons during wwii , now a paradise for rabbits
grandmother keeps snowball from 5 year old granddaughter in freezer for 11 years
b . c . senior picks up garbage for fun , wins award
india plants 50 million trees in one day , smashing world record
the special stars: how cheerleading helped these girls with special needs shine
iran frees us navy sailors held in gulf after incursion
michigan couple , both 99 , celebrates 80th wedding anniversary
spanish hachi loyal dog mounts vigil at hospital doors for sick owner
police use mother ' s " find my iphone " app to find daughter who was kidnapped by ex boyfriend
ann arbor residents unite to fly rainbow flags after anonymous note
billionaire commencement speaker surprises morehouse college ' s 2019 graduating class by vowing to pay off their student loans .
lexington , kentucky accepts food for homeless as parking ticket payment
hurricane florence ruined this maryland couple ' s wedding until friends replanned it all in 48 hours
boston dog feared dead in home fire found alive one month later in the burnt out house
gulls ! gulls ! gulls ! how the seaside birds took over urban britain .
missing 5 &amp; 8 year old sisters found alive !
58 year old lady uses ladder , saves 20 workers trapped in fire .
google opens virtual version of fire ravaged brazil museum
i hope this is uplifting enough for you all
london woman reunited with man who found her dumped in a telephone box as a baby
now a free man , anwar says must honour promise to buy grandchildren ice cream | malay mail
kenyan rescuers free four people trapped under building rubble for six days , red cross says
the eu proposed giving millions of people in 28 nation bloc better access to safe tap water and reduce water consumption via wasteful plastic bottles . the legislation aims to make safe drinking water citizen right in line with social rights adopted at summit in gothenburg , sweden in november .
good samaritan who saved woman from machete attack , named finalist for national bravery award
student loans are ending for brown university students
3 year old with disfiguring facial tumour receives life changing surgery
hospital staff gave a touching 50th wedding anniversary surprise for a patient in coma and her devoted husband
mystery duck cheers up heartbroken dog grieving over ' best friend '
chewbacca mom candace payne gets gifts from disney , college and others .
nfl wide receiver bernard reedy has a side job where he makes $11 dollars an hour driving people bound to wheelchairs
new medication used to prevent hiv/aids with 92% success rate .
lamborghini grants wish of dying child to drive in a pink lamborghini aventador with richard hammond from top gear
caine ' s arcade a boy builds an arcade from cardboard boxes .
attendant on seattle flight saves teen from human trafficking
70 year old woman graduates with phd from california state university
ga launches app for fee mental health counseling
every girl born in dusseldorf on march 8 received start up money ~$2 , 500
she got polio as a baby in vietnam . now shes on her way to being a star .
purity of cocaine in europe at highest level in decade , report finds
dashcam captures mountie and civilian performing cpr in bed of speeding truck enroute to hospital , saving victim ' s life
lead singer donates kidney to venue owner that gave him a chance
anglers use ashes of friend as bait to reel in monster 180lbs carp in his honour
for 46 years , retiring marysville postman delivered more than mail
strangers living a mile apart in fishers discover theyre sisters from als patient fundraiser page
5 cats rescued from northwest side fire
woman stabbed 32 times by ex boyfriend marries first responder who rescued her
pensioners honoured for catching thief who evaded police for 18 months
a jury has awarded more than $31 million in damages to a former wal mart pharmacist in new hampshire who alleged discrimination and wrongful termination when she reported safety concerns about co workers dispensing prescriptions
til that the ozone layer is healing and is likely to heal fully by 2060
paris jackson brought supplies and solar light to each child at a school in aguadilla , puerto rico
i did it: mom who cant read or write becomes us citizen
home care service for the elderly and disabled celebrates its 2 year anniversary
philippines gets universal health care
this 42 year old boxer has a job at ihop , two kids and 11 titles . she isnt finished yet .
everyone who contributed to fanfiction site archive of our own is now a hugo award winner
calgary police help copperfield kids master two wheeled cycling
bookstore on wheels turns heads in baghdad
eu ' s executive branch has earmarked 12 million ( $14 . 7 million ) to provide between 20 , 000 to 30 , 000 young europeans turning 18 this year with a free interrail pass , which allows the user to travel across europe on almost any train .
a beloved mail carrier retired and the whole neighborhood turned out to say goodbye
china , after outcry , reinstates ban on rhino and tiger parts in medicine
how more than 1 million people came together and created reddit ' s ' place ' masterpiece
' no oksijan in the car ' : 7 year old ' s trans atlantic text saves 15 migrants
uber driver adopts a pup that was abandoned in her car by a passenger
how a san francisco man repopulated a rare butterfly species in his backyard
tech in brazil is booming despite the countrys political troubles
conjoined twins born with 20 per cent chance of survival prepare to start school
18 years after saving her life , retired detective celebrates students graduation
hong kong suspends china backed extradition bill
already a climate change leader , california takes on food waste the states innovate programs and laws to tackle excess food and reduce greenhouse gas emissions could be a template for the nation .
sikh ngo offers iftar food packets to over 5 , 000 syrian refugees on ramzan
scottish teen rescues sheep sinking into muddy bog
air pollution levels in large u . s . cities have decreased 35% in the last 15 years
university of minnesota performs one student graduation ceremony so his dying father could be present
restaurant owner gives sandwiches to people who do not have money
mana donates $200 , 000 to mexico earthquake fund
' world ' s smallest baby ' now thriving at nine months old
orphaned baby kangaroo rescued
unified korean women ' s basketball team wins at asian games
ikea opens its door for stray dogs during cold , winter months
boy calls 911 for homework help , dispatcher comes to his aid
wichita police department joins forces with black lives matter protest to host community bbq
celebrity trophy hunter trampled to death by elephant he was trying to hunt
pope francis has suggested women threatened with the zika virus could use artificial contraception , saying " avoiding pregnancy is not an absolute evil " in light of the global epidemic .
( video ) adorably vicious baby shark is rescued after washing ashore
unicyclist completes round the world charity challenge
fyre festival caterer almost scammed twice as friend tried to cheat her out of gofundme donations .
iraqs ayatollah sistani sends food , medicine to sunni families
prisoners learn how to fix bikes , donate over 400 to kids in need
not all environmental news is bad : )
rescue worker cries as he pulls baby alive from rubble in syria
tom hanks sends espresso machine to white house press corps . tells them to keep fighting for truth .
cat and dog travel buddies capture hearts
can sexual harassment be stopped ? meet one man who found an effective way to help many women .
epileptic boy gets cannabis oil medication back that was confiscated by uk customs
solar plane lands in california after completing historic flight
virginia governor vetoes anti lgbt licence to discriminate bills
animal cruelty now a felony in virginia after gov . northam signs ' tommie ' s law '
man saves 321 people on china ' s most frequented suicide spot
dogs ' vote ' for president in massachusetts
marion , ohio officers respond to facebook message , provide homework help
what a refugee student from iraq taught me about reaching newcomers
nigerian woman &amp; her 3 kids survive plunge from burning 4 storey building in south korea
90 year old finally joins music fraternity , 69 years after she was accepted
rape victim forced to call boyfriend , calls 911 instead
these tree planting drones are firing seed missiles into the ground . less than a year later , theyre already 20 inches tall .
twitter pets pay tribute to french police dog diesel who died protecting humans in suicide bombing
toronto shoplifter gets job after policeman bought him interview shirt
for the first time ever , theres a job opening for every unemployed worker
upstate ny man builds a food pantry on his lawn , receiving items from those who want to donate and letting those in need take what they want
a six year old boy accidentally ran over a chicken with his bicycle . heartbroken , he immediately rushed it to the hospital for help .
scottish episcopal church votes to back same sex marriage
children ' s hospital los angeles is about to receive a generous donation from a famous source: rapper , cooking show host , and entrepreneur snoop dogg .
nonprofit installs solar panels on roofs of lower income households free
born without hands , chesapeake 7 year old wins national handwriting contest
donkey who nearly died in flood breaks into a grin when he ' s rescued
local girl scout works to donate 1 , 000 boxes of cookies to soldiers , veterans
mother of 3 receives liver transplant from complete stranger after facebook plea
officers , good samaritan rescue 3 from burning car; diver charged with dwi
british farmland bird bounces back from brink of extinction | environment
syrian chocolate company in antigonish set to double in size
real life spider man scales four storey block of flats in paris to save the life of four year old boy clinging from a balcony
hong kong gets a major ruling on rights for same sex spouses a gay civil servants husband will be entitled to the same benefits as his heterosexual colleagues spouses after a successful legal challenge against government policy .
i never met my daughter ' s dad she was his dying wish
leonardo dicaprios earth alliance commits $5 million to amazon fires the largest rainforest in the world is a critical piece of the global climate solution . without the amazon , we cannot keep the earths warming in check .
boston marathon bombing survivor to marry fireman who rescued her
tourette ' s sufferer who couldn ' t find a job discovers that being a tree surgeon ' cures him ' as concentrating on wielding a chainsaw controls his tics
southington elementary school pays it forward for cancer patients
a hospital in czech republic furnished a room in 60s and 70s style a time when today ' s seniors were young . a lot of older patients feel more comfortable and are able to recover memories .
nonprofit ads tap ' game of thrones ' to highlight real world conflict
rapper drake gives away $1m of music video budget away
virginia ' s electric utility , dominion , is beginning to implement several billion dollars worth of state funds to go to solar , modernizing power grid
the browns parade raised $17 , 157 for the greater cleveland food bank , which equates to 68 , 628 meals , according to their website . with perishable food donations included , over 70 , 000 meals will be provided thanks to the parade .
sydney girl with cerebral palsy takes first steps after controversial operation
tiniest baby born at 268g ( 9 . 45oz ) sent home healthy after 5 months in the hospital .
u . s . power producers ' coal consumption falls to 35 year low: kemp
cnn ' s anderson cooper presents aaron friedland with $10 , 000 for the walking school bus philanthropy .
new ebola vaccine gives 100 percent protection
rio chefs use leftover olympic food to feed the poor
cherokee nation oks same sex marriage
vermont adopts the most comprehensive plastics ban in u . s .
wright state university delivers gifts to help families in need in greene county
loyal dog stays by owners side for 7 hours after he gets stranded in forest
america ' s oldest veteran receiving major home repairs
breaking bad star on why disability is an asset .
disney magic comes alive for deaf boy
dog saves tennessee toddler from copperhead
seattle area 7th grader holds door open for classmates daily
a refugee ' s journey: the tale of burmese refugees in buffalo
book sales are up this year over last year , and physical books are thriving
every university of michigan football player got a $315 gift card to best buy from the citrus bowl . kicker kenny allen used all of it on gifts for patients at mott children ' s hospital in ann arbor .
hens hang out with old people with dementia and alzheimer ' s to help curb loneliness
not race . not gender . just american: these white men left their black waitress an uplifting note and a $450 tip
reynoldsburg boy collects lego sets for patients at nationwide children ' s
giant pearl kept under fisherman ' s bed for a decade could be worth over $100 million will be left in philippines to attract tourists
unbelievable ! watch this irish runners stunning comeback victory
david koch has died
model debut for boy with down ' s syndrome
minnesota will soon pay for your landscaping costs if you plant bee friendly greenery
this hospital is devoted to saving sea turtles
icna muslim doctors head to puerto rico . . . ( will volunteer at understaffed health clinics )
blind dog rescued after a week lost in the mountains
greenland shark , age ~400 , takes title of oldest vertebrate discovered .
college students made gloves that convert sign language to speech ' to empower the deaf community '
melania trump thanks chelsea clinton for defending barron trump after website bashes his clothes
alzheimer ' s home hosts wedding reception for resident ' s daughter
tesla is working on a ' dog mode ' to keep your puppies safe and cool inside their vehicles electrek
711 japan to wrap billions of rice balls in bioplastic .
mystery couple helps stranded motorists trapped by winter storm
sir rod stewart says he is donating 10 , 000 to a model railway club whose exhibition was destroyed by vandals .
stumbled onto this guy is streaming to save his family home .
badly burned kitten renamed hugh jackman to honor wolverine like recovery
a new smile for st . louis woman bullied for her teeth
volunteers create hand made halloween costumes for nicu babies
teacher bids an emotional goodbye as his transfer brings the entire village to tears
6 year olds lemonade stand raised $13 , 000 for immigrant children separated from their parents
flight attendant shares story of saving trafficking victim
waitress and grandma of 7 children receives 3000$ as a tip for smiling and hardwork
indianapolis installs tiny ramps on canal to help save ducklings from drowning
ex homeless man wins place at cambridge [uk]
prosthetic leg found in beaver dam returned
john ' s crazy socks , an online sock shop started by john cronin , who has downs syndrome , and his father . 5% of profits go to the special olympics .
finally , west africa marks end of ebola after 11 , 300 deaths
world ' s rarest leopard gives birth to twins at twycross zoo
chimps can play rock paper scissors
nonprofit group renovates disabled veterans las vegas home
beer brewed with " left over " bread . profits go to feedback charity dedicated to stopping global food waste .
turn beer into food: brewery donates 100% of profits to feeding the hungry
this is why a singing bus driver never lost hope after 50 years of dreaming .
singer paul simon gives funds to portland schools donation from famous star will help students learn skills , find opportunities through cooking program .
homeless hero of manchester bombing attack reunited with his estranged mother
50 dogs rescued from martin county puppy mill
the company behind ' american idol ' has filed for bankruptcy
' miracle baby ' survives 12 hour operation , six heart attacks
man rescues blind dog lost in woods for 8 days , then turns down reward
estimates suggest that sumatran orangutan numbers have doubled ( cute baby orangutan pictures as bonus )
police officer uplifts homeless man
dementia will soon be controlled just like hiv , says research institute
100 year old hospice patient and kansas city royals fan to watch her favorite team for the first time
3 heroes ( &amp; you )
gatwick disruption: chernobyl children land in time for christmas .
nj to possibly become first state to ban de clawing kitty cats
how a remote south african rural community , with barely any electricity , built it ' s own isp
logan native establishes scholarship for marshall university medical students
saints owner gayle benson pays off layaway items for more than 400 walmart customers
prisoner incarcerated since 2004 successfuly completes his studies , bags degree in theology
dubai plane crash survivor hits $1mn jackpot
russian scientists have successfully tested a cancer killing drug in space , which can fight all kinds and stages of malignant tumors in the human body , the local newspaper izvestia cited a professor as saying on friday
the man who spent his fortune on a park douglas tompkins , the founder of north face , has left behind one of historys greatest land conservation legacies by using his fortune to buy large tracts of farmland in patagonia .
lee sedol defeats alphago for 1st time in 4th go match
obama sends letter to prisoner he freed , who made the dean ' s list: ' i am so proud of you '
north carolina becomes first state to adopt $15 minimum wage for state employees
were bonded for life: lodi woman unknowingly donates kidney to neighbor
world heritage body unesco has removed the belize barrier reef from its list of endangered world heritage sites; saying the government of the central american country had taken " visionary " steps to preserve it . the reef is the second largest in the world after australia ' s great barrier reef .
the proportion of people in extreme poverty has fallen from 36% in 1990 to 8 . 6% in 2018 . absolute numbers are down from 1 . 9 billion in 1990 to 610 million in 2018 .
west virginia state troopers care for baby found drenched in vomit during dui traffic stop
man finds wife ' s engagement ring in flooded home
mutilated dog baron gets forever home
the curiosity rover lives !
cows jump for joy after seeing grass for the first time in months
a young girl in southern california managed to fight off a potential kidnapper in her home by using a kung fu move .
adult apprentices prove they ' ve got the spark to make a new career work it ' s a time of year when many of us ponder securing that perfect job , or at the very least imagine getting out of an imperfect one .
courageous citizens saved ducks mum with her ten children . nerdsfun
homeless , terminally ill dogs find sanctuary
a beverly hills based talent agency , endeavor , has returned a $400m investment fund to saudi arabia and cancelled its contract with the kingdom over the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi
united kingdom environmental secretary michael gove may ban boiling lobsters alive
infamous crying ' northwestern kid ' ( john phillips ) to star in a march madness pizza commercial . instead of taking the money for himself , he has chosen to donate it to literacy and food programs
east coast greenway: longest bike trail in us to span 2 , 900 miles
mhgn cop bu r t fr trugglng dd instead f ung a tkt . .
hairdresser won ' t shave depressed teen ' s matted hair and fixes it instead
the average american is much better off now than four decades ago
guy sacrifices tesla to save unconscious driver , elon musk offers to cover repair costs
from cancer causing crop to organic vegetables
blind volunteer and her guide dog collect hundreds of signatures for anti gerrymandering campaign
baby elephant ' rescues ' her favorite human
edward james olmos &amp; george lopez spent hours visiting the el paso mass shooting victims
d day veteran pops the question 70 years after splitting up with his sweetheart
a blind dachshund and his guide dog who were adopted , then split up in virginia , have been reunited
a school in payatas , one of the largest and poorest slums in the philippines , focuses on emotional intelligence and self discipline
neonatal nurse discovers her new colleague was premature baby she helped save 28 years ago
group of biologists tries to bury the idea that plants are conscious | science
couple weds midflight so mom with stage 4 cancer could attend &amp; cross three other things off her bucket list : )
rainbow crosswalk to be permanent to support atlanta ' s lgbtq community .
sarah silverman reaches out to an internet troll and gives you hope
montauk lifeguard saved my grandma ' s vacation
how alopecia helped me reach true enlightenment
puppy love ! blind 11 year old golden retriever receives a helping paw from his own seeing eye dog
couple who fled wildfires in fort mcmurray get surprise wedding
a lonely 83 year old gets thrown a surprise birthday party by mumbai cops
vertical design makes the new $10 bill unique beyond its viola desmond portrait . first black person on canadian currency .
firehouse cat adopted by first responder after anonymous complaint
10 year old who had both legs amputated meets golden retriever hero: owen mahan was thrilled to meet chi chi the rescue dog .
how billionaires are pooling assets for a gates led philanthropy fund
to boost the electric mobility sector , indian government has reduced the tax on electric vehicles from 12% to 5% and provided for a deduction of about $2k on interest payments for loans taken to buy evs . further about $1 . 47 billion have been allocated to develop a charging infrastructure .
chinese scientists working with a chinese philanthropist have nearly eradicated malaria from the small african nation of comoros . now theyre setting their sights on a far more ambitious location: kenya .
rescued pit bull elected mayor
one hundred years after the guns of world war one fell silent , the leaders of france and germany held hands and rested their heads against one another in a poignant ceremony to mark the signing of the armistice peace agreement .
i ' m so glad there are nice people in this world . . .
amazing people still exist in this twisted , crazy world . apologies if this has already been posted .
an anti trump disabled boy was booed at a rally . the next day , he got to meet president obama .
boys wish to become an officer amid cancer battle granted
dallas girl , 9 , starts her own arts charity for kids
girls sent to foster care on christmas eve still get presents , thanks to rcmp and canadian tire owner
florence welch visits hospice , gives private concert for sick fan
little sister is a bone marrow match !
utah lawyers helping refugees build their own temple and community center
weaned hawaiian monk seal moved to undisclosed location
man raises $103k for teen who offered to help carry groceries
microsoft expands its accessibility efforts on windows 10 the upcoming creators update features a slew of new features designed with the disabled in mind , including support for braille .
doing these five things could decrease your risk of alzheimer ' s by 60 percent , new study shows
the library of congress has digitized and repatriated 163 , 000 pages of documents to afghanistan
a flight attendant finds a solution instead of perpetuating a problem
third biggest u . s . coal company files for bankruptcy . the nations third largest coal company by production volume filed for bankruptcy friday as utility companies increasingly turn to gas fired generation and renewable energy for electricity .
children of alcoholics can phone a charity helpline to hear bedtime stories when their parents are too drunk
my valentine ' s day contribution: my mom and dad , in their nineties and married 69 years , were featured by their local paper for valentine ' s day . . . he was a fighter pilot in the war , she was my full time mom , and they ' re still very much in love .
new filipino law requires all students to plant 10 trees before they can graduate
solar and pollinators: a photo essay
is this the best husband ever ? wife given 50 beautifully wrapped presents for her 50th birthday
im truly touched by this man ' s selflessness and love for others . mohamed bzeek is the embodiment of kindness .
heartwarming moment hospital allow horse to visit young patient before christmas
anneke lucas claims she was forced to work as a sex slave for a sick aristocratic elite in europe .
gutsy german shepherd saves sas lives when troops were ambushed by isis in northern iraq
endangered island foxes break record for fast recovery
father goes the extra mile with blind daughter in marathon
#metoo brought down 201 powerful men . nearly half of their replacements are women .
secretary zinke announces $100 million to support state parks and outdoor recreation
billionaire gifts 100m to cambridge university
legal marijuana could help offset opioid epidemic
salt could be the future of renewable energy
four yorkshire women have rowed the atlantic and have become the oldest all female crew to complete the challenge
half the submissions here .
plant a tree for every time you violate a traffic rule at least 2 , 765 violators have planted saplings across the district and the police are aiming at planting 1 million saplings in police stations , residential quarters and office buildings
there are tiny parks for bees hiding on the roof of these bus stops . in the dutch city of utrecht , the roofs of hundreds of bus stops were recently covered with low growing succulent plants called sedum . its not to make them look good ( though it does ) . its to create new habitats for bees and butter
colorblind brothers burst into tears as they see color for the first time: ' it ' s so bright ' .
cat , chicken become unlikely pals in california wildfire
video: michigan 4th grader rocks ' great balls of fire ' on piano at talent show
new mexico construction worker hailed as hero after catching a baby and toddler from a burning building
teachers &amp; artists repaint wall marred by isis
bus driver praised for helping woman , daughter after seizure
man risks life pushing burning car out of petrol station
23 year old atheist wins city council position , takes secular oath of office , no drama ensues .
my friend saved a dog on the highway today
a . i . teaches minecraft players about architecture
boy scouts: girls can join cub scouts starting next year
illinois paramedic dives into lake to save 3 month old boy
mongolian woman helps bring care to mongolians with terminal illnesses .
trader joes phasing out single use plastics nationwide following customer petition
verizon offers unlimited data for customers affected by hurricane matthew .
in 2017 , us had largest decline in co2 emissions in the world for 9th time this century .
former aryan brother that was punched in the face last week at a richard spencer event has made an unlikely friend and is trying to change his life outlook on life .
this assisted living facility is designed to look like the 1940 ' s so alzheimer ' s patients feel at home
teen foster son saves the lives of his sisters and dogs from fire caused from light switch .
soccer team found alive after 9 days trapped in cave
a clothing brand called uniform is working to help liberia recover after businesses and schools were closed for months due to ebola . they donate one school uniform for each purchase made . the goal is to get children in liberia back in school and women back in the workplace .
' it just felt right ' : woman adopts baby after sitting next to pregnant woman on a plane
norway ' s $1tn wealth fund to divest from oil and gas exploration
after 7 decades , pearl harbor sailor ' s remains identified
wretched billionaire cunt david koch finally cleansed from this planet .
young engineers developed an ai that turns you into live animated characters
treatments invented at st . jude have helped push the childhood cancer survival rate to more than 80%
before they went on strike , west virginia teachers packed bags to make sure kids didn ' t go hungry
this bird went extinct and then evolved into existence again
the good news is . . . people like to read good news
northwest volunteers want to help restore malheur refuge
georgia police officer brings food , water to man in distress by the side of the road
i wasnt crazy . a homeless womans long war to prove the feds owe her $100 , 000 .
volunteers in uae stock 90 ' ramadan fridges ' for workers
dog found alive 5 weeks after falling off a fishing boat 70 miles from san diego
some people have all the luck: free food for life for baby born in chik fil a and a guaranteed job when she turns 16
sympathetic dealership gives a disabled vet a new car for trying to save a turtle from attackers
intriguing obit only hints at 102 year old woman ' s extraordinary life
venezuela releases imprisoned american after two years in captivity
wounded dog finds way home to family he was stolen from a year ago
irish postman manages to deliver christmas card addressed to yer wan who lives next door to the in laws with a rake of kids xpost r/wtf
fire helicopter rescues woman , her pet rabbit and chicken isolated by lava: the hawaii county fire department on sunday airlifted a woman , her pets and a wheelchair after she earlier had declined being evacuated from an area isolated by lava in lower puna .
a state in india has turned 1 , 600 tons of plastic trash into 620 miles of road
opposing team helps make autistic student ' s dream come true .
woman calls for emergency help in beaumont , texas . she reaches beaumont , alta . , and gets it anyway
2015 saw the least fatalities ever recorded in united states mines
ex apd officer raises money for officer paralyzed in atv crash
imam stops angry crowd from assailing london van terrorist
this drone is cleaning windows 1100 feet over the ground
this german startup has just planted 50m trees with its search engine
man bit by shark on kauai ' s south shore survived a bear attack just months prior
aid worker who rescued a boy from starvation reveals how she is working to save nigeria ' s ' witch children '
drivers amazing escape from flash flood in peru !
two time breast cancer survivor
autistic boy has meltdown on flight , teacher who specializes in autism calms him down
libyan forces have arrested gang members suspected of torturing african migrants after video went viral on social media . one of the rescued persons say " i will never in my life think of leaving my country again
a spanish foundation says two prominent biologists working separately on how plants can help fight climate change have won spain ' s princess of asturias award for scientific research
australian couple ' s walk like an egyptian video goes viral in egypt
drake &amp; a new heart: sofia sanchez , 11 , got 2 surprises
virginia beach spca rescues puppies from south korean dog meat farm
marine vet reunited with prosthetic leg after losing it in lake .
remember how 50cent made fun of someone with a disability ? well he donated $100k to autism speaks .
16 year old helped save my uncle ' s life on his 2nd day on the job at skyline chili . . . thank you austin !
nfl surprises 99 year old vikings fan with super bowl tickets
rhino poacher trampled to death by elephant; remains eaten by lions
emotional reunion for man and his lost 20 year old blind cat
he ' s an amazing man and we need more people like him " : an anonymous man calling himself santa walked into a walmart store and picked up almost everyone ' s tab including the charges on layaway items for customers who weren ' t even there
the worlds largest reforestation effort is underway
resources for helping refugees
after 70 years of waiting , wwii memphis belle gunner , 94 , revisits england . and dies quietly there .
nasa is designing the first ever all electric airliner which will produce no greenhouse gas emissions
rare oarfish , regarded as omens of natural disasters , found alive in japan
japanese billionaire and art collector yusaku maezawa buys spacex rocket to send 6 8 artists to the moon in 2023
craving for chicken wings leads to $1 million lotto win for nc woman
joy of joys bbc is finishing the job of hitchhikers and putting the hexagonal phase ( and another thing ) on radio 4
woman celebrates her birthday by feeding the hungry .
robots helping sick children
jets owner says hell pay fines if players defy new anthem protest ban
hobby drones help keep elephants safe from stones , poison , and poachers
dont worry about your truck . were honored to get you a new one ~ toyota
kim kardashian to pay five years of rent for ex inmate who was denied housing
donors turn out in droves after police officer dances for charity
saying yes to the adventure of foster care
pharmacist delivers medicine by snowmobile to snowed in clients
with help from journalism students , miami man freed after 12 years behind bars for murder
awareness ribbons chart: color and meaning of awareness ribbon causes
uttar pradesh a state/province in india , plants 220 million trees in one day
slovakia ' s first female president .
largest ever rewilding project launched in south australia
in florida aftermath , us students say never again
20 graphs to celebrate womens progress around the world
father in law and and son in law making a weekly undiscovered music podcast
homeless man , 26 , gets hundreds of job offers after passing out his resume on highway median
mlk national park will reopen during government shutdown with help of delta air lines
santa is on his way !
woman talks man out of suicide by asking him on a date
woman who spent seven years searching for her long lost sister discovers shes moved in next door
kid loses game console in a burglary; cop replaces it with his own
this school replaced detention with meditation . the results are stunning .
community helps local bakery on the verge of closing due to road construction in front of the store
do our pets ever really love us or do they just stick around for the food ?
south carolina teacher creates " gentleman ' s club " to teach students life lessons , like how to dress for success . the club has been so successful the school district officials say they want other local schools to start the gentleman program
when people saw a facebook post shaming a man for sleeping in mcdonald ' s , they helped him get back on his feet
after 27 years , collingwood , ont . , man meets the daughter he never knew he had
worlds largest solar power plant planned for chernobyl nuclear wasteland
rape complainants won ' t have to give evidence live in court
toddler thought bride was the real life ' princess ' from her ' favorite book '
how the world got better in 2018 , in 15 charts
this 7 year old mini entrepreneur started his own recycling business and saved $10 , 000 for college ! ! way to go buddy ! !
california doctor riding in lyft car saves driver after recognizing signs of heart attack
kiwi teenager kicked in head outside australian mcdonald ' s opens eyes
a jazz drummers journey through the nightmare of focal dystonia
she ' s lovin ' it ! : customer surprises ks mcdonald ' s employee with free car
ny gov . cuomo proposes free tuition plan for state colleges for families making less than $125 , 000 per year
a baltimore elementary school replaced detention as punishment for misbehaving students with meditation , mindfulness and yoga , resulting in an improved school environment and reduction of office referrals
happy father ' s day , mom
only three passengers on ba flight enjoy champagne and selfies
ronda rousey helping to open suicide prevention center
train passengers hug and support emotional driver after near tragedy on frankston line
dolly parton ' s imagination library celebrates 80 million books given to needy children
the pope just gave an inspiring ted talk and warned powerful world leaders to stay humble
kids were offered a gift for themselves or for their parents . their choices are touching .
alabama gov: jail food funds can ' t go into sheriffs ' pockets
formerly homeless high school senior gets into 12 universities : ' i was blessed '
teacher pranks students with hilarious april fools spelling test
it ' s possible to minimize anxiety with science
boy with rare condition walks for the first time
robbery victim learns value of friendship
cling film shield could save the great barrier reef
woman fights to keep equine rescue alive through donations
the quandary of that dreadful night
a tortoise feared extinct for over 100 years has been found on a remote galapagos island .
portland teen discovers cost effective way to turn salt water into drinkable fresh water
this startup is making real meatballs in a lab without killing a single animal
watch: rescued chimpanzees become fast friends
adoption up , euthanasia down at animal shelters across canada
innocent man ends up becoming friends with crooked cop that framed him
gotthard tunnel: world ' s longest and deepest rail tunnel opens in switzerland
uk schoolboy corrects nasa data error
how tom hardy saved bedtime
musician licenses song to chick fil a , immediately donates money to lgbt charity
boy missing in remote woods in japan since saturday after being left alone by his parents as punishment has been found alive and well .
9 year old waco boy donates christmas money
there is a white house petition calling for the resignation of fcc chairman ajit varadaraj pai . get signing !
police officer adopts homeless opioid addicted newborn
maui company creates coral safe sunscreen: with help from the small business development center , maui resident jenna davis created raw love sunscreen , an fda approved , water proof and coral safe sunscreen with no harmful chemicals , preservatives or fillers .
the boy who donated 3000 comics is doing it again
senior dog believed to be dead after going missing is found stranded on a mountain 6 weeks later
fulfilling a dream , south korea ' s moon visits sacred north korean mountain with kim
shouldn ' t have been illegal in the first place .
' profitable ' washington post adding more than five dozen journalists
world ' s most endangered big cat species cheats extinction with remarkable baby boom
wichita church pays off $2 . 2 million in medical debt for kansans
all post secondary tuition waived in b . c . for former kids in care british columbia ( x post/canada )
phys ed teacher takes classes outside to skate on the rink he made
technology reunites dog missing for 8 years with tennessee owner
dog passed up for over 2 , 381 days at the shelter , finally finds a fur ever home
nba star yao ming ' s dedication to save elephants and sharks have resulted in an all time low demand for ivory and shark fins
national geographic acknowledges its racist past and decides to be better .
target managers save shopper ' s life
first u . s . sugar tax cuts soft drink sales by 10%
missing teen on a mountain in south korea found alive after 10 days !
spectacular photos reveal newly protected great bear rainforest an area the size of ireland is now protected from logging .
ireland poised to end fur farming , sparing thousands of mink from lives of misery
heartbreaking yet so touching . .
how a video game community filled my nephew ' s final days with joy
army will deny easement , halting work on dakota access pipeline
horseback riding gave this woman a new lease on life
whales and turtles protected by us endangered species act are bouncing back .
local animal shelter taking bucket list ideas for dog with terminal cancer
meet the 52 year old female mason helping to rebuild nepal
president obama: hanukkah ' has inspired an american tradition of religious freedom '
santa delivers donations to fast food employees working christmas eve santa , chris and the rest of the volunteers will pass out more than $8 , 000 to 410 fast food employees over the course of two days . they ' ll visit 38 restaurants in the area . [spokane , wa]
search for stranger who paid stranded girl ' s 85 train ticket
group that saved runner from heart attack reunites to finish race
taxi driver who saved passengers on fatal brisbane bus attack recognised
gunther the cat reunites with the family after they thought he was dead
social worker leaves surprise $11 million to children ' s charities
kentucky teen gives shoes to homeless man who had holes in his
stage 4 superhero: woman transforms chemo into must see photo shoot
13 semis line detroit freeway to help man considering suicide
danica roem is va . s first openly transgender elected official , unseating conservative in house race
cancer causing hpv plummeted in teens since vaccine , study finds cnn
oklahoma army veteran leaves $2 . 25 million estate to habitat for humanity , 24 homes to be built
on his way back from birthday dinner , good samaritan saves old fellow having a heart attack .
young teen is in the fight of his life when he got a surprise boost from some superheroes
kansas boy holds hands with , calms autistic classmate on first day of school .
have you seen this otter ? airport determined to find the owner of ollie , the stuffed otter .
dan stoddard , member of the basketball team at algonquin college in ottawa is known as old man dan , he turns 39 next month . a full time bus driver raising two teenagers and taking his classes online , in the spring 2017 , the 6 ' 8 " stoddard weighed about 380 , sixth months lost 60 pounds
delta pilot turns plane around for family who missed their flight trying to make it to a funeral
california passes landmark police transparency and accountability legislation
doctor , nurse reunite with patient they saved 10 years ago
facebook is still a dog ' s best friend
wife of man who survived holocaust donates $20 , 000 to support asylum seekers in maines largest city
san diego man gives $1m to fire victims
bonded by marathon bombing , a love story emerged
this story is for everyone who has lost a pet . this woman lost her dog and never gave up hope she was alive and they were reunited 16 months later
local barbers give free haircuts for homeless in lafayette
why scott harrison decided to quit being the worst guy he knew and start working to serve others through his work at charity water [video]
hes much more than the trash man and his town is showing its gratitude
fertile grounds: low tech sand dams breathe new life into african drylands
more than 200 top chefs across europe have pledged to stop sourcing seafood obtained by electric pulse fishing , days before an eu vote that could expand the use of the controversial technique , an ocean advocacy group said thursday .
family reunited with pet dog six years after she was stolen
army soldier ' s lost dog found after escaping from colorado foster home 2 months ago
muslims go to catholic mass across france , italy to show solidarity
woman has first haircut since 1994 to raise charity money
wisconsin mom cori salchert provides foster care for hospice babies with life limiting or terminal illnesses
swedish cat owner finds lost pet a decade later
holly springs bans dog , cat pet shop sales; allows offering animals for adoption obtained from a shelter or rescue organization [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
chinese president urges peace talks , more economic ties in concluding 1st north korea visit
cab driver finds bag with $187 , 000 cash in his backseat and turns it in
crouching tiger star chow yun fat to give away 570m fortune
in kaziranga , an orphanage raises baby rhinos till theyre ready to go back into the wild
what combines iron maiden , dinosaurs and play dates ? hevisaurus , the heavy metal sensation for children
the train that stops at a station everyday to pick up one passenger so she can get to school
bostonian sends a 5 dollar canadian bank note to random address using google maps
this little girl is super excited about her city ' s new little free library .
a suit that helps the paralysed to walk
anti islam bigots fail big time in phoenix
tv producer ryan murphy donates $10 million to hospital that saved his son ' s life
18 year old mexican student designs bra that can detect breast cancer
black edmontonian posts positive encounter with police online ( canada )
virginia governor announces plan to make early childhood education accessible to at risk preschoolers ( crosspost /r/virginia )
very cool story about a guy who is playing 50 golf courses in 50 days to honor his late father and raise money for jdrf
jerusalem spends $40 , 000 on cat food after new garbage bins leave strays hungry
man who fired shots at ( empty ) mosque in ct apologizes and asks for forgiveness
new digital chemical screening tool could help eliminate animal testing
state attorney general ' s plan fcc lawsuit over net neutrality
11 year old girl calls 911 and saves her 5 year old brother after realizing he had stopped breathing
dying veteran reunited with beloved horses one last time
a woman who rescues abandoned farm animals
a year after their fight went viral , two teens still learning from the man who stepped in
the youngest person to travel to 196 countries is giving away his airline miles
15 year old autistic boy gets lifetime supply of favorite peanut butter , shares with furloughed workers
world ' s first malaria vaccine to go to 360 , 000 african children
parlier senior with cerebral palsy scores epic first touchdown
ecuadors highest court approves same sex marriage
hiv epidemic coming under control in nation with top rate
toronto man wrote a valentines poem for wife in the star every year for 30 years | toronto star
tcu and other universities step up to replace scholarships for international students cheated out of out promised full ride scholarships by u of texas , tyler .
tripadvisor bans ticket sales to attractions that allow contact with wild animals
this 6 ' 5 " senior in smalltown medina with rough childhood , being scouted by d1 schools , and taken in to live with his coach
giving power to women in ghana a school is teaching them to be electrical engineers and to defy local stereotypes that engineering is a man ' s job . the school ' s philosophy: " what men can do , woman can also do .
the paralympics fire back after trump calls them ' tough to watch '
elderly polish couple buy tickets to nightclub fabric in london end up partying till 5am while promoters make them tea !
animal control in springfield , mass . rescues sick piglets from home
vt firefighters save woodchuck from barn fire
woman born prematurely becomes a nicu nurse , inspired by the nurses who helped her parents
this is awesome . as one who has been there done tha dental work is a huge help step in the journey of recovery . .
new political group ' s candidate breaks barriers to become 1st person with als elected to parliament in japan
man in a onesie sleeps over at a grocery store , raises $11 , 000 for food bank
man with down syndrome receives hundreds of donated movies after collection is destroyed in fire
what ' s deoxyribonucleotide in sign language ? | deaf science student creates over 100 new sign language terms to communicate and learn about science
santa monica firefighters resuscitate small dog that was unconscious for 20 minutes after apartment fire
500 people attend last rites of beloved 130 years old crocodile in indian village
evan gattis goes from janitor to world series champ
every year , the mom of a slain cop serves hundreds holiday dinner
fungus quickly breaks down plastic , can replace many other substances in production , and can be used in antivirals
woman buys out entire store to donate shoes to flood victims
man gets help from police instead of committing another crime
for three brothers , ' texas pride ' means buying a 5 ton truck on craigslist and helping their fellow texans
penguin swims 8000km every year to reunite with man who saved his life
after decades long legal battle , gay couples 1971 marriage officially recognized
beloved octopus whisperer to be honored after nearly 8 , 000 hours of volunteer service
wife of furloughed government worker wins $100 , 000 and suv in lottery
65+ photos that prove 2015 wasnt the worst year after all
our hospice company helped a vet get his wish: to be fitted with a suit before he dies . he had always been a classy guy , and just wanted to be classy again .
er doctor who discovered a wreck on her way home from work helps stabilize patient roadside , get to meet patient months later after assuming he had died of his injuries .
formerly homeless man with ' golden voice ' back on the airwaves
israel ' s netanyahu asks palestinian president to address parliament
finland ' s basic income experiment shows recipients are happier and more secure
doctors said he wouldnt survive his burns . now dave repshers ready to restart his life
toyota , suzuki announce alliance to explore environment , safety , it
' i know i can get through it , even if it ' s hard ' : 7 year old girl winning dance competitions one year after losing her leg
murfreesboro woman rescues dog found injured along highway
eia: u . s . coal production to fall to 40 year low in 2019
another endangered species act success story: rare california , oregon fish declared recovered
' i ' m overwhelmed ' : owner of vandalized middle eastern restaurant thanks supporters
a non profit is using dance to heal and empower kids in developing , post conflict countries
police and fire brigade saved cat children in an unused cellar of a multi family house , little city in germany .
okwhy 2017 was the best year in human history the new york times
indian government reduces cancer drugs prices
i need help: how one panicked , trans atlantic text saved 15 trapped migrants
hospitals will have to post prices online starting january 1
mosul soldier ' s chance reunion with mother on bus
colombian court orders government to stop deforestation , protect climate
iran ' s flower industry ready to bloom globally
cancer and rare muscular disease don ' t stop this girl from skiing
18 year old makes pizzerias first and only delivery for a hospice patient 225 miles away
do you like boobies ? do you want to save them ? help support women in the bar industry with breast cancer by voting for my friend caer ferguson to make it as the wildcard at speed rack . speed rack is a non profit that helps pay medical bills , rent , etc . all it takes is your vote for caer ! please help
there is a boy turning 3 that has leukemia . his birthday wish is to cover the wall in his room with valentines .
toddler in need of a new liver and kidney gets both right before her 3rd birthday
indigenous people are joining the fight against climate change to save their communities
teen who lost part of leg to cancer named honorary college wrestling captain; ' he needs that more than anything right now '
rambo the pet gator can stay with lakeland woman
a store where people with mobility needs can get refurbished wheelchairs and more at cost
rolls royce develops a car for sick children to drive themselves to the operating theatre
blind mechanic continues to impress
turning barber chair into therapist ' s couch; godwin heights high school creates barbershop
girl , 6 , born without a hand was made a bionic arm by a stranger
pooches pay bedside visit to dog walker after wilderness ordeal
falling sulfur dioxide emissions in the united states are expected to substantially increase rainfall in africa ' s semi arid sahel , while bringing slightly more rain to much of the u . s . , according to a new study in the journal of geophysical research: atmospheres .
dazzling airplane patent puts seats on top of aircraft
an icelandic member of parliament breastfeeding during a speech .
enamel regeneration breakthrough could end tooth decay agony , scientists say researchers say they can trigger the growth of crystals in an " exciting " breakthrough that could help protect people ' s teeth .
pawn shop app connects users to food banks to help those who need more than just quick cash
rescuers emotional reunion with baby he pulled from rubble of bombed house
school mascot role helps 11 year old iowa teen with autism conquer his fears
a peruvian father and son dubbed ' coco ' into quechua so andean kids can enjoy the film
how software developers helped end the ebola epidemic in sierra leone | a team of open source software developers solved the problem that most urgently needed solving: distributing wages to healthcare workers
some of the worlds greatest art can be found in the comments on reddit r/art
detroit , once bankrupt , and surrounding area unemployment rate sees biggest drop in america , down to 3 . 7% from 5 . 7% last year . now lower than boston , ny , and la .
whilst metal detecting in the uk , i found a usaf dogtag belonging to a pilot from belmar nj . he and his 4 brothers had been posted over seas in the early 1940s , he sadly passed away in the late 80s , but i was lucky to trace his daughter and return the tags to his family in new york .
nasa sets date for first all female spacewalk with canadian flight controller
maine teenager ' s message in a bottle makes 3 year , 3 , 000 mile trek to spain
restoring hawaiis forests: the long term goal of the hawaiian legacy reforestation initiative is to plant 1 . 3 million trees .
california coyote left emaciated after two weeks with jar stuck on its head released into the wild
rio 2016: mauritian athlete defies cancer to compete
ghost of the tasmanian tiger: scientists investigate 2 recent sightings in north queensland
sheriff: toddler ' s dog stayed with him the entire time he was missing
tech company proposes edible drone to solve world hunger
miniature horses donated for equine therapy
kansas humane society finds families for all available pets during black friday event
taco bell worker writes positive messages in each take out order
raf turnout for ex serviceman who died alone
my goal for the year was making someone else happy , so i surprised my friend with a 2500$ modded gaming rig !
texas police save life of 95 year man by fixing air conditioning in heat wave
nyc pizzeria waiter returns lost 424k check to retired social worker despite being given no tip
gigantic nightmare ' bee , thought to be extinct , found alive
collin clarke , a bodybuilder with down syndrome , serves as an inspiration for others
mandurah teenagers rescue stranded baby dolphin
over 100 volunteers shovel snow for seniors in chicago ' s south side
polish rescue team finds french climber on pakistan ' s ' killer mountain '
stranger pays for prom dinner for 11 students on one ( good ) condition
the ex poachers saving big cats in russia
india just approved net neutrality rules that ban any form of data discrimination
leonardo dicaprio officially wins an oscar
to help his grandmother stay hydrated , man creates water you can eat jelly drops that look like candy and appeal to people with dementia
goats ' drawn to happy human faces '
muslim cleric who hid christians during attacks honored in the us
kalamazoo shooting victim , 14 , breathing on her own
oklahoma 5 year old is youngest to win regional spelling bee , is likely youngest ever to make national competition
muslim doctors open free clinic for uninsured patients in a ohio mosque
third grader uses wish with make a wish to throw pizza party for his school
english village set an example by quietly cleaning up its own patch
teen injured in manchester attack finally wakes up moments before phone call from her ' hero ' harry styles
man saves injured fawn abandoned by its mother
sonic movie director acknowledges criticism , and even says some changes are being made .
nepal criminalises hindu practice involving isolation of menstruating women
blind salem dog and his guide dog adopted together
female chief terminates 850 child marriages in malawi and sends girls back to school
quadriplegic australian councillor targets return after overcoming spinal injury
blind player racks up a win at his first street fighter v tournament
from volunteer to athlete: joana costa makes late vault into rio 2016 competition
norway becomes first country in the world to commit to zero deforestation
jimmy luttrell , 72 , preps for surgery with a little guitar playing
2019 us renewable generation additions expected to far outpace natural gas: eia
lily , " reddit ' s favorite at&amp;t spokesperson and former refugee , is now helping syrian refugees in greece
japanese tech giant panasonic to recognise same sex marriages despite lack of legal status
newspaper carrier saves actor dave thomas ' s mom
kawasaki donates 5 mule utvs to assist hurricane harvey relief effort
canadian man spends c$1 . 5m to help settle 58 families from syria
football is only the latest triumph for blind usc long snapper jake olson
cause for shell ebration: some endangered sea turtles are making a comeback !
veteran who lost both legs in ied blast successfully runs 31 marathons in 31 days
philadelphia flyers mascot surprises 7 year old superfan who requested custom gritty themed prosthetic
teacher donates kidney to help save student
malaria death rates in tanzania drop drastically
for four months in a row now on the fourth tuesday of each month 20 to 30 homeless people have found a hot shower , a safe and clean place to go to the bathroom and a dozen or so agencies trying to help them survive life on the street in , of all places , the upscale , beachside community of kailua .
10 , 000 torches light up tower of london to commemorate 100 years since end of ww1 .
' leftover women ' take parents to marriage market to explain why they are still single in heartwarming video
this n . j . couple bought all the shoes in a payless store then donated them to charity
german pow leaves 384 , 000 to scottish village he was held in
til a group of the world ' s foremost science experts are helping to promote environmental education and women in science in a tiny peruvian village
teen registered people to vote as they waited in popeyes line for new chicken sandwich
police officer helps calm down an autistic teen with history of violent behavior
quick thinking kid saves his friend ' s life
female plumbers in jordan clear path for women in labor market
organ donation on the rise
5th grader seeks math problem solving help from local ohio police department
couple finds $1 . 8 million lottery ticket while cleaning before thanksgiving
homeless philadelphia man johnny bobbitt will get his $400g , gofundme says
the fred rogers we know | hazlitt
mystery couple picking up tabs at pennsylvania restaurant
bank of america to stop financing operators of private prisons , detention centers
ex con skips job interview , takes shirt off and saves the life of a car crash victim
little girl drives barbie car full of gifts to neighbors who lost everything
nhl players discuss cardio workout after fighting each other
a seattle area woman is taking donations to supply homeless women with feminine hygiene products
dog left behind in fort mcmurray wildfire reunited with its family in edmonton
the worlds most infamous radiation wasteland being used to generate power once again . except , this time a little differently .
million magnum march to raise money for veterans charity
thousands of indonesians rally for tolerance and unity after massive protests by conservative muslims against the citys minority christian governor .
anchorage , alaska , voters reject anti transgender bathroom bill
my hometown came through for my little sister in times of need . i hope you can help , too .
russia , ukraine agree on comprehensive ceasefire in donbass
james murdoch donates $1 million to fight nazis
dog rescued from 14 foot deep sinkhole after 2 nights inside
paralyzed teen track star tre lawson gets back on his feet in inspiring video
number of homeless people in japan hits 15 year low .
people are revealing their ' nice allegations ' against a listers and it will warm your heart
' we ' re all a family here ' : this pub owner won ' t even look at lucrative offers from developers , because his hotel residents would have nowhere else to go
teen who crashed into bmw finds out why honesty is the best policy
london bans housing developments from segregating leisure areas . it is disgraceful that children who live in the same development would ever be prevented from playing together
former marine who was blown up in afghanistan transforms his life and becomes a world beating runner
' it ' s a godsend ' : the healthcare scheme bringing hope to india ' s sick | global development
rescue goat and competitive horse become best friends
saving rambo: the carpark cat in rio
florida manatee being removed from the endangered species list .
carlsbad man , 102 , sets world zip lining record
yuval , 11 year old israeli , died in a car accident , donated her organs and saved the life of 4 kids . one of them is arab young girl miran .
national honour to be bestowed on man who saved drowning boy
volunteers rush to beach to help whale: i had to ask people to slow down
raccoon freed after getting peanut butter jar stuck on its head: a hungry raccoon may have thought he was hitting the jackpot after finding a jar of peanut butter , but the container wound up getting stuck on his head and left the critter in dire need of assistance .
local church orders pizza and tips single mother delivery woman over $1800
appeals court tells patent trolls ' favorite judge he can ' t just ignore the supreme court to keep patent cases in texas
man with cerebral palsy loses greeter job at walmart , accepts new position after flood of support
grenfell tower fire: woman offers to house dozens of homeless victims in empty student flats
90% of the indian population now has indoor toilets , up from 43% in 2015
the 31 year old nurse braved the snow and freezing temperatures on saturday and walked nearly two miles to get to her patients . at some point youre going to have to depend on somebody . we all need each other . i treat my patients well because i treat them like family .
native bee diversity in urban environments ( interview )
franklin davis , a homeless vietnam veteran , sweeps the vietnam veterans memorial during the government shutdown
singapore abolishes school exam rankings , says learning is not competition
dad ' s desperate plea prompts lifetime supply of cups for boy with autism
investors are abolishing ice in their portfolios
italian oil &amp; gas company will plant forests to net out co2 emissions by 2030
walmart raising tobacco purchase age to 21
17 year old meriem daoui runs 3:02 marathon to raise money for syrian refugees .
a plastic eating robot shark was just deployed off the uk coast . the shark can gather 15 . 6 tons of waste per year .
uss ronald reagan crew help in the garden of war widow aubrey mead
florida church pays off medical debt of 6500 low inc p
animal oxygen masks saved furry lives during allentown blaze that displaced 19 cats
texas teen receives sweet surprise after helping elderly customer at waffle house
this mom who became guardian to her young siblings at age 23 after their parents tragically died was just given the cancer all clear
pet dog bites rapist , helps 14 year old victim escape
hostess launches ' deep fried twinkies ' as first frozen treat
aushwitz survivor and soldier who rescued her celebrate 71st valentines day together
a retiree took the time to hunt for a stranger ' s new engagement ring , found it a month later , and returned it to her refusing reward .
this elaborate grandfather clock made from matchsticks was created by a serving inmate at parc prison
ontario men save skunk with head trapped inside a pop can
mango leaves: indian scientists solution to a $2 . 5 trillion global shipping problem | a team of indian scientists has developed a compound from the leaf of the mango tree that can protect ships from rusting , more efficient than synthetic paints while also being non toxic and environment friendly .
chinese pilots save fingers of toddler
rcmp officer ( ie . " canadian cop " ) helps elderly tenant with her bags
this generous dad is using his air miles to help people get home for christmas
astronauts escape malfunctioning rocket
german neo nazi politician rescued from car crash by syrian refugees
rescue donates hundreds of presents to eastern kentucky
' conserveza ' beer supports san antonio zoo conservation efforts
education secretary devos backs funds for inmate education
family finally gets justice after arrest is made for 1980 cold case murder of 16 year old girl
charles bronson sends ben a surprise donation
little girl saved after being dropped from a bridge
boy collecting blankets for homeless surpasses 2017 goal
mom meets the daughter she gave up 34 years ago for first time: ' i was afraid she would hate me '
miami judge who recognized classmate in court greets him after he served his 10 month sentence
ruby stein , 85 year old great grandmother , survives five days stranded in colorado mountains
a group of road crew contractors tackled a gunman after a man was shot in downtown savannah
love my cbd oil . . . sleep now . . . through the night !
sri lankan navy rescues elephant washed out to sea
falkland island raises 73k for nepalese school rebuild as ' thank you ' to gurkhas
freedom fuel is helping to keep veterans warm in nh
strawless by the sea: over 30 newport establishments ditch plastic straws
21 year old student becomes youngest ever elected to florida legislature
rashida tlaib and ilhan omar become first muslim women elected to congress .
after $9 was stolen from an 11 year old girls lemonade stand , police and neighbors collected more than $300 for her
retired fireman saved by firefighters he meets every morning for coffee
u . s . gives a further $91 million in food aid to drought hit ethiopia
couple has giant bed built to share with 8 rescue dogs
denmark gets its first wolf pack in 200 years
amazon raises minimum wage to $15 for all 350 , 000 us workers
eu parliament committee releases draft proposal for end to end encryption of all electronic communications and ban on backdoors
pokemon go is preventing suicides at infamous japanese cliffs
two connecticut police officers are being praised for buying a girl ' s birthday cake when her mom couldn ' t afford to .
cool .
an ancient toy could improve health care in the developing world
86 year old man teaches himself to knit so he can give 300 hats to premature babies
the ohio restaurant that gives convicts a second chance
guy learns sign language for his deaf co worker
6 y . o . finds olympic gold medal and returns it to its owner
manchester arena bombing: muslim taxi drivers give free lifts and help victims after terror attack
body cam footage shows ohio police officers saving choking 2 month old girl
colorado girl scouts deliver 12 , 000 boxes of cookies to va medical center
rabbits ride on sheep to stay dry in flood
rome police and clergy at a church near the vatican have been left baffled after a package containing 36 , 000 ( 31 , 500 ) was found in a confessional box . police suspect money either left by generous benefactor or someone regretting illicit gains .
isis now in control of just 7 per cent of country , says iraq the jihadi group has seen the amount of territory under its authority fall from 40 per cent to just under seven per cent
man takes dying dog on fun filled bucket list adventure
jimmy carter: ' cancer is gone '
in world ' s first 3 d printed community , houses will be built in 24 hours for $4000
people who spend more time being lazy tend to be more intelligent , study finds
a bride to be has been reunited with her engagement ring after accidentally sending it more than 200 miles away .
the wet fall and winter months are a dreaded time of year for the homeless . one seattle financial advisor is trying to help ease the pain with solar panels that can provide light with extended darkness setting in . roger scott has no experience as an electrician , but he sees the need .
biker gang advocates against child abuse , uses brawn to support youngsters in community
rescuing a sheep with no concern for their own lives
christian assyrian city of bashiqa liberated from isil in iraq
a utility buys into wind and solar
fossil fuels produce less than half of uk electricity for first time
tiny irish village celebrates incredible baby boom as 30 babies are born in just 10 months
unstoppable dog lives awesome life despite disabilities
selfless giant schnauzer gives hospital children a new leash of life
new antibiotic mined from human gut reverses drug resistance in superbugs: " drug that can reverse resistance in pathogens and help kill off methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) bacteria . in mice with lethal mrsa infections , the drug helped cure 100 percent of infections .
korean scientists develop biochemical breakthrough for hair loss
seven years after the fukushima nuclear accident in japan released radioactive elements into the environment , researchers say those elements pose minimal risk to human or salmon health along british columbias coast .
rescue cat who cant walk becomes nurse , helps sick animals and even saves their lives
man training to be pilot finds ' purpose in life ' through weight loss journey
cool at school: students helping the homeless through various projects
disabled chicken who survived weasel attack learning to walk thanks to custom wheelchair
us renewable energy capacity surpasses coal for the first time
vancouver based coffee shop chain volunteers to join their toronto offices in minimum wage increase
ups driver finds a pit bull waiting for her every day . . . and keeps him ! ! !
chicago officials unveil court monitored police reform plan
born without arms , virginia college student makes it to white house as an intern
chinese policewoman in coma after saving girl , 3 , in deadly plunge from fourth floor window: mother of child says youngster owes her life to auxiliary officer who suffered brain haemorrhage in terrifying incident .
a long lost dad and daughter meet after almost 40 years . now what ?
wichita , kansas: police and black lives matter activists come together for " first steps " cookout in wake of recent tensions .
israeli agriculture ministry unveils plan to use country ' s $5 billion of food waste to feed the needy
we are living in the most peaceful era in human history .
broward ' s oldest resident donates her time to the county ' s newest
lab grown meat could be in restaurants by 2021
this man needed a kidney , and a classmate from 50 years ago whom he barely knew answered the call .
webcam watcher calls to save elderly man floating in elbe river
un alliance for sustainable fashion launches at un environment assembly
a 6 year old girl wrote a letter supporting her autistic brother and calling for school lessons on disabilities after some other kids called him " weird
new zealand prime minister everybody !
hundreds of stranded new zealand whales swim free
viewers clean norway beach following sky news whale death documentary .
a strategy to support the health of hoiho/yellow eyed penguin
heroic midwife uses stanley knife to cut choking boyfriend ' s airway open
australian parents who refuse to vaccinate their children will now be given monthly fines
video evidence is meaningless without accountability
walmart donating $10 million dollars and another $10million in goods .
$6 million donation to help buck institute study extending age of women ' s fertility
illwalkwithyou: people offer to accompany muslims to mosques in wake of shooting
the mental health email shared round the world an understanding , supportive ceo
judge orders germany ' s bayer monsanto pay 2nd roundup cancer claimant $25 . 27 million ( 22 . 4 million ) . 13 , 400 more cases to go in the us alone , or $338 billion at this rate .
homeless man who found and returned $4 , 000 diamond engagement ring to woman who lost it has had his life turned around
olympics: joseph schooling ' s coronation complete as he wins singapore ' s first gold
a disabled puppy is training for a special task thanks to a veteran paying it forward
jury acquits marijuana patient who admitted to breaking georgia law the defendant , javonnie mccoy , was acquitted through a process known as jury nullification .
a tweet about two homes being let cheaply in an english village goes viral and beats the cynics .
triple amputee says , never quit . there ' s always a brighter day kgun9 . com
sick kids take ' fantasy flight ' to the north pole
separated conjoined twins look at each other for the first time
my 6 year old has raised over $300 for american heart association . i ' m so proud of her !
people think that there ' s no religious freedom in places like dubai . here ' s a video that disproves that .
letterman and carters launch habitat project at notre dame
8 year old boy becomes honorary coast guard rescue swimmer in alaska
a pair of overwhelmed teenage colorblind brothers take turns seeing color for the very first time
minneapolis restaurant owned and staffed by former criminals , giving them a second chance that few others will .
if you know any cat shelter/rescue in need of donations , kindly point them in our direction . thanks
horse hoisted from muck filled pond in florida
a 20 year old orangutan that had been locked up in a tiny iron cage in a villagers backyard in indonesia has been rescued
first , it was college tuition for his employees ' kids . now , this ceo will foot the bill for employees ' weddings .
looking for the best teacher in the world ? head to northern quebec
yes ! 3 year old arizona boy celebrates adoption in viral pix
' i was thinking we couldn ' t lose that little girl ' , four american tourists vacationing in ireland rescue little girl ( 5 ) swept out to sea independent . ie
honestly ? the best news ive heard in a super long time
new glasses for malawians for $1
3 , 000 missing children traced in four days by delhi police with facial recognition system software
canada has started a movement to remind america why it is already great .
over 70 different organizations in houston , texas collaborated on a lofty ambition to tackle veteran homelessness
jamie mcdonald aka ' adventureman ' , completes 5 , 500 mile ( 210 marathon ) solo run across the us for charity
a mobile market brings asian produce to the elderly in d . c . ' s chinatown
half time entertainment in scottish championship football match one legged fan scores scores a sensational goal
refugee janitor ' s daughter is valedictorian . again .
airbnb evicts users planning to attend white supremacist rally
star stops show to recur harassed girl
oklahoma family surprises daughter after secretly adopting her favorite shelter dog
formerly conjoined twins thriving after rare , complex surgery separated their brains
denmark now has a wild wolf pack again for the first time in 200 years
local family donates $1 . 5 million to promedica ' s ebeid neighborhood promise
out of work appalachian coal miners train as beekeepers to earn extra cash
draper firefighter brings home dog , and new best friend , who he rescued from california wildfire
north texas man walks about a dozen miles to work five days a week
real story behind the 5 crore deal between a 14 year old and the government
robot allows texas teen who had to have his legs amputated to attend his eighth grade graduation
free at last , woman unconstitutionally sentenced to life at 16 , served 12 , learnt law , won her appeal , wants to help other young women tried as adults
community rallies around orphaned teen who gave up football to manage household
kristen bell performs for families at hurricane irma shelter and helps jennifer carpenter ' s loved ones escape storm
rescued california sisters , ages 8 and 5 , say they survived by drinking rainwater from leaves and keeping ' happy thoughts ' about their family
how 150 soldiers , 2 dogs rescued armyman trapped in siachen
indian railways includes transgender as third gender in ticket reservation forms
fbi and department justice department inspector general to investigate pre election actions
man fixes up and gives away hundreds of cycles free to families through his wife who works at the local woman ' s welfare league and after school program .
france to change consent law so sex with 15 year olds automatically considered rape , minister says . ' what characterises a civilisation is also what is outlawed , and the ban on sexual relations of an adult with a child must exist ' .
alzheimer ' s patients use shared love of model trains to help fight disease
a boy needed $126 , 000 for cancer treatment . piotr malachowski sold his olympic medal to help .
african american troops fought germans and racism on d day
pilot turns plane around just before take off so elderly couple could say goodbye to dying grandson
two year old who loves garbage trucks gets surprise swag from trashman
teachers at mo high school being students to tears as they tell them individually how important they are
clever koalas learn to cross the road safely ( xpost r/science )
rescuers liberate suffering humpback whale from tangled rope near sandy hook: gothamist
' like christmas every day ' : a billionaire ' s pledge to erase this class ' s college debts could echo for decades
christopher reeve ' s dad to run nyc marathon for late father
cards and packages are pouring in for young girl who survived a house fire .
jackson police safely diffuse suicide by cop situation
bishop gorman football player suspended for national anthem protest
lil nas xs old town road inspires nonverbal autistic boy to sing
20 good news stories you may have missed in the last year
dog wakes owner , saves her from mobile home fire
110 dogs , 1 cat who were at risk of euthanization in oklahoma , fly to safety in oregon
diabetes cases on the decline
superheroes deliver purim treats at tel aviv childrens hospital
aircraft spots help sign on beach , rescues 3 men stranded on remote island
atlanta residents coordinate efforts to offer free housing for hurricane irma evacuees
wny family grandpa starts building toddler wheelchairs inspired by his granddaughter bella . working just as well as average wheelchairs at a fraction of the cost . parents only pay shipping .
laurel police officer buys diapers for woman
cat adopted after 13 years in shelter thanks to social media
human jukebox , the pride join for america the beautiful rendition
new sensors monitor sick babies without wires blocking hugs
five heroic dogs honored with akc humane fund awards for canine excellence ( ace )
a missing piece of stonehenge has been returned to the site 60 years after it was taken
$34 million gift to msoe announced for next generation tech facility at center of campus
for profit college issues in 5 graphs: lower earnings , enrollment down
lemonade stands around texas support officers , their families
great ideas create great outcomes the intergalactic messengers
lulu the dog flunked out of cia bomb sniffer school because she just didn ' t care
baltimore city to ban styrofoam use .
abandoned dog at the houston humane society gets showered with internet love
when somebody wakes up from sensationalism it ' s amazingly a good day: a fox news contributor has just quit , calling the network a ' propaganda machine '
couple reunited with son 22 years after he was abducted by fathers co worker
retiree pursues his passion . . . helping homeless animals
group donates $8 , 000 to cover school lunch debt in north dakota
boy sneaking in to neighbor ' s garage to hug dog given puppy .
good news for breast cancer sufferers even as prevalence rises
dog fulfills his bucket list in his last days
scientists wiped out mosquitoes on two islands using new method
happy 25th birthday to pearl jam ' s ' ten ' .
overweight teen who was cyberbullied about her ' ugly ' prom pictures is sent messages of support from hundreds of strangers online
california ' s new ammo background check law blocked 100 sales in first month
new russian bill finally sets out prison term for female genital mutilation
i know how it feels: more than 100 reach out to help immigrant woman who lost her dulles job
this woman wears fun costumes to her chemotherapy sessions so that her kids dont get scared
gay penguin couple given egg after failing to hatch stones at berlin zoo
simon wheatcroft is completely blind and has competed both the new york city and boston marathon 3 times
after five years of research , the ocean cleanup: a dutch startup , that set a goal of removing 50% of the north pacific great pacific garbage patch in 5 years , is about to start the cleanup operation
community holds fundraisers to help family of former midway hs coach who died from cancer
once drab indonesian slum rejuvenated into ' rainbow village '
stranger who fled the norcal fire got a random facebook message expecting the worst news , only to find out that his garage was being used as a temporary safe haven for hospital patients .
stunningly preserved fresco of narcissus discovered in pompeii
former homeless junkie gets clean , turns life around , now a millionaire .
india , in collaboration with united nations development programme , launched a secure himalaya project which aims to promote sustainable use and restoration of high range himalayan ecosystems &amp; protect snow leopards
dogs for better lives opens second dog training facility
doodle 4 google winner draws a future of peace and diversity
india will abolish all single use plastic by 2022 , vows narendra modi: country will also introduce a campaign against marine litter and a pledge to make 100 national monuments litter free .
irish schoolgirl selected for dream holiday to disney world
glastonbury festival 2019 will be plastic bottle free as part of their environmental impact scheme . additionally , many bands play the festival for a fraction of their usual fee so that more money can go to affiliated charities .
88 year old woman foils would be rapist by claiming she has hiv
elephant hides a child between it ' s legs to protect her from the herd
memphis teen creates subscription box to inform , inspire african american girls
at 15 , i was diagnosed with severe endometriosis and it changed my life part 1
' the happiest little kid ever ' granted wish to disney world
britain ' s first cloned dog minnie winnie is expecting a litter of dachshund puppies four years after being conceived in a test tube
101 year old man graduates from alabama high school
kitty that consoled people in a cematary for 20 years receives tributes
toys ' r ' us survives bankruptcy in canada and confirms it is 100% canadian owned and operated narcity
virginia woman seeking to restore 73 vw bug , meets stranger on craigslist , he not only restores it for free , but puts his own money into the project .
a breast cancer survivor is using stunning body art to reclaim her body
pharmacists deliver prescriptions on a snowmobile
once a year , a scottish dentist does a 13 , 000 mile commute to fix the teeth of patients living on a remote south atlantic island
retired navy seal donates organ to total stranger
california mother reunited with son abducted in 1995
in a recent report the who has said that because of the cleanliness campaign three lakh children were saved . the credit for saving lives of three lakh children goes to every indian who was a part of this campaign .
lake tahoe gained 8 . 7 billion gallons of water in just 2 days
bachelor pad offers independence for seven men with down syndrome
larry nassar sentenced to 175 years in prison in sexual abuse case
activists sleep out to bring awareness , raise money for homeless services
dog stays by owner ' s side for 20 hours after man falls and breaks his neck
alabama student pictured walking to graduation gifted car by local radio host .
102 year old woman gets to play with team she ' s supported for over 90 years
double amputee , marine veteran sworn in as n . y . police officer
india inducts three women fighter pilots for first time
on the topic of radio campaigns and food banks . . . $660k and 21 , 000 lbs of food . cbc toronto ' s annual " sounds of the season " broadcast is always inspiring .
canada beckons international students with a path to citizenship
driving drunk over the holidays in one canadian town will earn you a ride to jail soundtracked by nickelback
german minister sparks outrage after refusing to wear a hijab during saudi arabia visit
good news for elephants: major ivory market will close
south african rugby sevens team stops to fix vancouver drivers flat tire on way to stadium
slovak wastebusters on anti litter crusade: " maybe it ' ll stop them from tossing their next beer can or bubble gum wrapper .
grenfell tower pupils enjoy ' good day ' as they collect exam results bbc news
from a ragpicker to a celebrity: vicky roy ' s inspiring life journey
canadian musical come from away conquers the broadway critics
muslims shield christians when al shabaab attacks bus
emmanuel macron says france may return museum artefacts to africa: i want the conditions to be created within five years for the temporary or permanent return of africas heritage to africa , he added , cannot just remain in european private collections and museums .
olympic and paralympic medals for the tokyo 2020 games will be made from recycled mobile phones to promote sustainability and reduce costs .
total population living in extreme poverty , by world region
missing deaf &amp; blind senior cat survives months of extreme weather to be reunited with her owner
michigan deal bars lgbt discrimination in state adoptions
evicted white zimbabwean farmer told he ' s going home
gordon ramsay offers apprenticeship to college ' snub ' teen
89 year old gets hired in a devon cafe
young cancer patient ' s wish ' to blow stuff up ' granted by police
quick thinking cop saves teen ' s pet dog after the dog got bit by a snake . the officer rushed the dog to veterinarians until he found one that had antivenin .
family in georgia finds balloon a little boy sent to his daddy in heaven
a stray dog who lingered around a former publix grocery store for a year has finally found a loving home
10 year old wins phd level fellowship for the best reason
you ' re not going to separate us , " muslim bus riders told islamic militants who demanded the muslims identify christians to be killed
hot rod fans helping young cancer patients in houston
kiwis donate 8000 five cent coins to american author to give away as tokens of kindness
president obama grants 153 commutations ( most ever in a single day , 1 , 176 total ) and 78 pardons ( 148 total ) to individuals deserving of a second chance
found this in /r/til and thought it would be appreciated here
first muslim woman to wear hijab with us military uniform settles in at norwich
no longer a convicted killer , freed man ' didn ' t think this day would come '
the officers of the buffalo police department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting . what did they do right ?
brick by lego brick , teen builds his own prosthetic arm
6 year old boy brings warmth to calgary ' s homeless
good samaritan tracks down owners of a found camera
rome to ban diesel cars from city centre by 2024
this is awesome
two babies swapped but why their families won ' t exchange them
queen elizabeth ii marks 65 years on britains throne she will become the only british monarch ever to celebrate her sapphire jubilee .
an american airlines worker has landed in the record books after becoming the world ' s longest serving airline mechanic
it took me 10 years to make my film . i couldnt fit the footage together if i tried , i had missing sound , and no money . i basically did everything and then it sat on my desktop for over a year with no hope . eventually the tide came back and it was released , never give up !
michael buble ' s son has a 90% chance of beating cancer
teenager raises almost 12k after parents ' no longer support her future ' due to black boyfriend
police are tackling elderly isolation with benches created to get strangers to chat
disco to beat dementia flashing lights could stop alzheimers disease in its tracks
barack obama sends a message of support to a sikh man wearing a rainbow turban .
pakistan ratifies paris agreement to combat climate change
a california couple ' adopted ' a 93 year old veteran after his town burned to the ground
remove your limiting core belief how many of you guys have ever try to manifest something ? and something crazy happened where it just opposite show up it could love , it could be money , it could be anything . . . it ' s incredibly frustrating . why does this happen ?
a household filled with heart and hope
rejected by his mother , nugget mcfluffyhead has been bottle fed , babied and schlepped around town by his maine owners .
iowa police officers rescue a mother and her three children from a burning apartment building
georgia: house resolution opposing organ harvesting in china passes unanimously
time capsule made by a 12 year old in 1949 found in colorado home . returned 67 years later to 79 year old man .
proposal to reintroduce grizzlies to the north cascades gets a boost from the creator of the webcomic oatmeal
sir paul mccartney donates album for bombing victims
crikey ! google honors wildlife conservationist steve irwin ' s birthday
' hero ' 17 year old catches falling toddler
two swedish women meet homeless man in edinburgh , scotland , take him to sweden for christmas
physicists excited by discovery of new form of matter , excitonium
nepal says its tiger population has almost doubled from 2009
crowdfunded honeymaker staffed by elderly revives russian village
first 7 eleven goes plastic bag free on koh tao in thailand !
these superbug fighting viruses are making a comeback
mom hits amazing half court shot to win her daughter half of her college tuition paid for
a charity ' s work in africa and asia has led to 33 , 000 disabled children being able to get an education .
inspiring mom opened a care home to help other parents after losing her baby son after 247 days in hospital
lionel messi fan puts life at risk to meet his idol
what happened when an orthodox jewish congregation went to a gay bar to mourn orlando
upliftingnews best of 2015 awards nomination thread !
44 indians come out of extreme poverty every minute .
more than 275 , 000 has been raised for the children of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other mike bennet , 57 , and wife julie , 50 , made headlines when an image was released of them holding hands during their last moments together
baron , the dog found mutilated in detroit , finds a new home
american muslims raise over $60000 in 12 hours for st . louis jewish cemetery
in the midst of dallas shootings people rushed to protect a baby stroller . wow .
at 80 , morgan freeman has one little tip for keeping his energy up
this man went from living on $200 a month to living as a millionaire after selling a ' worthless ' blanket for $1 . 5 million
an act of kindness , from one immigrant to another
wall of trees being planted across africa to halt the sahara desert spreading farther south
keeping a promise , son visits dad ' s grave to listen to cubs win world series
david h koch , industrialist who fueled right wing movement , dies at 79
on the doorsteps of regenerative medicine ?
incredible moment quick thinking policeman catches falling boy
92 year old graduate: you can make it , if you try
diddy donates $200k to women ' s maternity healthcare in uganda
blind goat missing from alberta farm found safe and sound
two infants treated with universal immune cells have their cancer vanish
i recently saw this news article about two engineers who brought electricity to a 800 year old remote himalayan village in less than 2 days using solar panels . the villagers had only ever used oil lamps before .
business owner creates a crowdfunding campaign to assist employees of competitor who burned down .
st . louis blues adopt yellow lab puppy as mascot
driver stops train , demands racist passenger get off
students at my high school started a gofundme and raised over $14k to help pay for this elderly substitute teachers wife to have eye surgery .
a hamster that was born hairless due to a genetic mutation now has a warm sweater to get her through the winter thanks to a knitting staff member at the oregon humane society
a stranger ' s selfless gift leads to love
new year celebrations: festivities begin to welcome 2017
mike myers has been out of semi retirement for the past year as fictional host of the gong show tommy maitland
michigan student coach who survived two plane crashes inspires final four team
organization donates 700 books to augusta elementary school
how a guy from a montana trailer park overturned 150 years of biology
' world ' s longest hockey game ' raises $1m for cancer research
special olympics athlete thanks surgeon for trusting his self diagnosis
chinese diver he zi wins silver medal and an engagement ring at rio olympics ceremony
samoli refugee reunites with wife , meets daughter for first time .
aquarium releases rescued sunfish " holy moly " back into the wild after rehabilitation
community raises money for arizona high school seniors , scammed out of $45 , 000 grad trip .
ivory coast professor helps student with crying baby
brave babies get their capes for national superhero day
an accidental thief left a remorseful note and some petrol money after mistakenly stealing a woman ' s car .
no charges for man who shot , killed neighbor trying to drown twin babies
argentina man poses as 11 year old daughter online , confronts and beats up pedophile stalking her
teen with terminal cancer gets early graduation ceremony: ' it makes me feel like i matter '
maryland officer buys diapers for mother caught stealing them
walt disney world workers land deal for $15 minimum wage: the agreement , which covers thousands of park and resort employees increases starting wages by 50%
50 rescued from burning flats in kensington
arkansas school starts offering yoga and meditation instead of detention
egyptian students design car that runs on air
professor forced to resign for supporting antifa
bullied baby ' s family surprised by stranger ' s kind offer
no one came to this 8 year old ' s birthday party , so hurst police got involved
vietnam war veterans building ' friendship club ' with former foes
fbi rescues 82 children in nationwide sex trafficking sting
drug overdose deaths drop in u . s . for first time since 1990
how one teen is paving the way for lgbt inclusive sex ed in schools
instead of creating landfill , surplus shipping containers are being used for homes , stores , student housing , and more
how a danish town helped young muslims turn away from isis
this nana had her nursing home install speedy wifi so she could snapchat her grandkids
how a photo of jewish and muslim kids protesting president trump went viral
the san diego zoo has successfully impregnated a rhino via artificial insemination , a hugely important first step in saving the near extinct northern white rhino
this flight attendant sits beside a little girl during a flight , at the end all passengers clap for them
designer dog and cat breeding to be ' outlawed ' in scotland under new regulations
lowes hires a man with a brain injury and a service dog , under one condition .
this melrose man hosts a free thanksgiving dinner for all who rsvp
russian prankster organizes fake protest at uc berkeley but hundreds march anyway
teen models without wig after losing all her hair: ' cancer doesn ' t stop me from being a princess '
bless you ! strangers save 108 year old ohio woman being forced out of assisted living home
these snowplows in halifax , nova scotia have " broncos " painted on their plows in memory of the 13 injured and 16 killed on the humboldt broncos bus crash . rest in peace .
extremely rare case of successful birth of full term baby who grew in abdomen not womb
sturgeon , america ' s forgotten dinosaurs , are showing signs of life
new zealand police recruits adorable guinea pig as new mascot
me and my friend nikki made an advent calendar full with kind deeds . it sold out here in sweden , generated over half a million sek to an anti bullying organisation and will inspire over 17000 swedes to do kind deeds all the way to christmas eve . thought you might like it .
$63k raised for mum who stole chicken drumstick as children ' s day gift for sick daughter
indian supreme court bans sales of vehicle not meeting emission standards
after being blind for 40 years , texas man has vision restored with bionic eye
porn site donates to cancer research every time users orgasm
millennials deleting facebook app from phones
bristol university students raise 1 , 500 to send cleaner on holiday
sandhill cranes bounce back from brink as migration over illinois to peak next week
abdul halim al attar , syrian refugee in viral photo where he was selling pens on the street , is now running three businesses
supreme court unanimously rules in favor of higher educational standards for students with disabilities
reporter , boy , cops save dog darting through nj street
7 year old girls awesome letter to google ceo elicits response keep following your dreams
a percentage of sales of leishman lager will go towards the begin again foundation the charity marc and his wife audrey launched after she nearly lost her life 18 months ago .
lost dog wanders into denver fire station , gets bacon and eggs
a kentucky teen sued to attend school without a chickenpox vaccine . he just lost in court again
while on route , ups driver pulls over &amp; rescues dog from frozen pond
california family returns home a month after deadly wildfires to find loyal dog waiting
sas sergeant bludgeoned three taliban fighters to death with a hammer when his pistol failed in daring raid on afghanistan caves
moroccan taxi drivers volunteer to drive sick kids home from hospital during rush hour
tampa teen dedicates all her birthdays to raising money for the shriner ' s hospital; raises $1 million .
bolivia slashes infant mortality rate by 52 percent
rookie cop rescues dog from lake michigan
school honoring confederate general renamed barack obama elementary
company builds custom bed for special needs child in pocatello
nearly half of 195 countries studied from 1950 to 2017 face a " baby bust " , meaning there are insufficient children to maintain their population size .
with recidivism rates skyrocketing , prison reformers seek to implement progressive programs to help inmates succeed on the outside . prison yoga project serves 165 prisons/jails in 25 states .
10 year old girl saves local library
paramedics take dying woman to visit ocean one last time
making it easier for teens to be vaccinated without parental consent .
philadelphia police officer creates beautiful portrait to honor robert godwin , sr .
$413 , 000 raised in less than 24 hours to send alton sterlings children to college
doctors have used keyhole surgery to correct a baby ' s spine while he was still inside the womb
city council votes no to chick fil a restaurant at san antonio airport " we don ' t have room in our public facilities for a business with a legacy of anti lgbtq behavior
manipur man single handedly plants a 300 acre forest; saving almost 250 species of plants .
drone used to airdrop food to a cat stranded over the flooded arkansas river .
aint nothing like a 4 day workweek tests show .
israeli aid gives an unexpected glimmer of hope for syrians
new zealand gun owners voluntarily giving up firearms in wake of mosque massacre
a biologist believes that trees speak a language we can learn
jim gaffigan and family volunteer at riverwest food pantry
two teenage girls built africa ' s first ever private satellite in may 2017 , africa will launch its first private satellite into space .
92 year old woman orders food straight from delivery guy , he obliges and helps her out
a barber soothes a child with autism by singing and finds a new purpose
a marine took a flag from a fallen japanese soldier . decades later , he brings it back to the soldiers family .
japan is building a giant floating solar farm
scientists in south korea think they ' ve found a cure for baldness
i couldnt believe it: wife of furloughed u . s . government worker wins $100k virginia lottery
woman with terminal illness survives jump from ferry in attempt to kill herself . turns out , she has no terminal illness .
girl , now cancer free , finally meets her garbage men friends .
emaciated eagle with broken wing rescued , put on back seat of truck and driven 118km for help
atlanta mosques open doors for hurricane irma evacuees
critically endangered kakapo the world ' s fattest parrot has record breeding season: just 147 adult kakapo are alive today in their native new zealand , but scientists hope their fortunes are turning around
105 year old man sets cycling record
st . baldrick ' s foundation announces the childhood cancer star act approved by senate and house , goes to president for signature
bernie sanders couldn ' t bring himself to say ' i ' m with her ' in an election ad for hillary clinton
conservative judaism unveils a new egalitarian , gay friendly prayer book
one man ' s story of fighting back after losing everything to anxiety and ocd
this vet makes prosthetic limbs for amputee animals free of cost !
' saddest photo ' couple reunited after being forced apart
vatican condemns radio station over anti gay comments on quake bbc news
trapped male beluga carried ashore in bathurst and flown to quebec
india imposes complete ban on solid plastic waste imports
olympic stadium in montreal turned into welcome center for refugees from u . s .
the people are choosing how the government spends !
world service: nearly 60 years after its founding , the peace corps continues to draw local residents
this company is selling wifelover tank tops to help put an end to wife beaters . they donate %100 of profits to stopping and preventing domestic violence .
iconic australian children ' s television ' the curiosity show ' gets a second chance at life , goes viral on youtube
150 australian jewish girls donate hair to israeli kids with cancer
man with muscular dystrophy will backpack through europe on friends ' backs
hoosier veteran , farmer hopes to celebrate 100th birthday with lots of mail
love and prayers overcome racist graffiti at durham eatery
equipment manager gets to be back up goaltender in nhl game .
surgeon to gift artificial limb to tiger with amputated paw
afghanistan vet reunites with dog , shares story in documentary
16 students safe after school bus catches fire
casino starts a restaurant and uses the proceeds to fund an onsite food bank serving 400 families per month , donates additional earnings to local nonprofits
breitbart loses advertising deals with 818 companies due to grassroots campaign
hunter and lords starts campaign to give veterans free , tailor made suits
30 years after the chernobyl disaster , the wildlife is flourishing
star qb ' s homecoming gesture is a lesson in humility for all of us
he walks by arguing couple and sees the fear in her eyes . thats when he offers to buy them tickets
scotland gives free sanitary products to low income women
goat with anxiety only calms down when she wears her duck costume
true revolution
mamoudou gassama , the heroic malian migrant who scaled a parisian apartment building to save the life of a toddler , is to be given french citizenship , emmanuel macron says
google fiber gives free gigabit internet to poor people
study uses great tits to measure air pollution
nun grabs chain saw , clears trees post irma
heartwarming photo of parents and step parents supporting daughter at football game goes viral
colombia ' s ex rebels turn rafting guides
finally something good from my hometown: man breaks window with his cast to save elderly neighbor from her burning house
cat flown back to owner after hitching 1230km ride to b . c .
how phone boxes are saving lives in ireland
va . boy who asked trump to mow white house lawn gets his wish
radiohead get hacked for ransom , release all stolen material to donate to climate change protests
politician uses this picture of his son sulking for christmas card
at 14 , hicham fled homs . today he topped his hsc course ( australian university entrance )
turkey: circus skills help syrian refugee children forget trauma
car dealership saves kitten trapped in suv
rescuers celebrate successful south pole medical evacuation
stranger waiting in line behind texas teacher pays for her school supplies
actors portraying super heroes pose as window washers at akron children ' s hospital
wyoming family and dog reunited after three years
boxer named yogi goes missing in washington cascades while hiking with his family , shows up 4 cold days later at fire training academy .
see through solar cells , this will revolutionize the entire industry !
surveillance video captures stranger returning wallet stuffed with $1 , 500 in cash
jury says bayer must pay $80 million to man who alleged roundup caused his cancer
us soda consumption at its lowest level in 30 years , americans trying to kick their soda habit are succeeding
virginia mom of 3 adopts dying friend ' s 6 children: ' we love them like our own '
95 year old wwii veteran gets surprise visit from an ' old friend ' : a sherman tank
kroger , america ' s largest supermarket chain to ban plastic checkout bags and transition to reusable ones and ultimately eliminate 123 million pounds of garbage annually sent to landfills
mexican immigrant abner mares despite training to take back his world championship status gives 200+ children in his new home country a way to escape gangs/drugs , the same way he did .
bridgewater girl scouts honored for helping homeless
endangered orca pod produces its first calf in three years
asylum seeker with a brain tumor is freed from immigration detention
unhcr evacuates hundreds of vulnerable refugees out of libya to safety
rescue horse rescues owner
the worlds first six pack ring that fish can eat
vending machine dispenses short stories to read while you wait
pangolins , earths most beautiful and trafficked creatures , finally get protection
dad turns son ' s wheelchair into ghostbusters ecto 1 for halloween
woman who threw puppy from car goes to jail ( puppy has recovered and is adopted into a loving family )
still one to go
bogota police rescue bride from flooded car on her wedding day
more than 1 , 000 march in warsaw in support of lgbt rights
someone has setup a way for animals who were displaced due to the orlando shooting to find places to live .
in chicago , where people disagree about virtually everything , they all agree they love " paczki
emojis are becoming the world ' s first truly universal language
aquarium offers sanctuary to paris ' unwanted goldfish
don lemon can ' t stop laughing as old paul manafort clip comes back to haunt trump
touching interview hears how a 96 year old grandfather and holocaust survivor tells his family he is gay for first time
india planted 50 million trees in 24 hours to make the country green again
these ' sleeping pods ' provide safety and warmth for portland ' s homeless
bus driver praised for kicking all his passengers off because no one would make room for wheelchair user
tearing down the barriers: police mingle , share coffee with black church
terminally ill star wars fan able to see ' rogue one ' early
teen girl shot at indiana school visits the colts
with float spas being a recent breakthrough for treating veterans with ptsd; true rest float spa has given away 3 , 000 free float sessions to veterans since 2015 .
old lady risks life ' s to save nearly 20 cats
emirates plane crash a hero died saving 282 passengers
seattle ' s seawall features light penetrating glass panels to let light through to the water below to encourage young salmon to migrate along the engineered shoreline .
the ceo of jents ( a new clothing company ) is helping sick kids through pokemon go and you can help !
father still brings daughters toy to work every day after 18 years: she gave him the plush beluga so he could take it out when he misses his family , nearly two decades later he still does .
two german archaeologists freed after nigeria kidnap
man saves e30 m3 from hurricane , goes viral , uses fame for good
pig that survived butcher , escape from home finds new family
rhode island governor signs abortion protection bill
' superman ' police officer holds on to van to stop it falling off bridge
nfl qb andy dalton has helped 73 families in the cincinnati &amp; fort worth areas to help ease the burden of medical expenses and help kids get the treatment they need .
sustainable clothing startup for days raises $2 . 8m for its closed loop manufacturing process
maine medical center agrees to stop using live animals to train doctors
homer blow giving gifts for his birthday for the 23rd year
uk government launches year of green action
new zealand ' s new leader wants to kill off carbon: jacinda ardern aims to switch the electricity grid entirely to renewables by 2035 , which would place the south pacific island in a small club of nations ditching fuels like coal and natural gas to cut carbon emissions .
five months after a former marine shot at a mosque , the muslim congregants welcomed him as he apologized for his actions . " the forgiveness was so genuine , " he said .
an arkansas lawyer bought 1 , 500 pairs of shoes from a payless going out of business . now she ' s donating them to kids in need
christians , jews &amp; atheists unite to clean vandalized synagogue
sheriff ' s deputy to donate kidney to former coworker ' s son
valentine ' s day bandit strikes again .
senior u . s . supreme court associate justice antonin scalia found dead at west texas ranch
death for chinese businessman who raped 25 young girls
bill gates gives $100 million to alzheimer ' s research . move called game changer by advocates .
storm , a good boy , saves fawn
she heard their cries and couldnt walk away , so she helped save 18 dogs in kinston
leicester v watford: fans thanked for srivaddhanaprabha banners
congress offers permanent us residency to sick baby at heart of uk medical ethics debate
biggest brood of barn owls recorded in ni
jewish doctor who treated accused pittsburgh synagogue shooter: ' he ' s some mother ' s son '
disabled man credited with saving his babies from fire
' dan from optus ' has become a social media hero after responding to the public backlash over optus au advertising which advised customers there was a staff member who spoke arabic in the local optus stores . his responses are just pr gold , shooting down the ad ' s detractors on facebook perfectly .
celebration planned for woman with down syndrome , retiring from job after 32 years
james conner wins disney spirit award this guy is a fighter and a survivor
canada becomes second nation in the world to legalize marijuana
breaking news: king salman of saudi arabia announces women will get right to drive
h . i . v . is reported cured in a second patient , a milestone in the global aids epidemic
oregon officer rescues baby deer stuck in fence
life imitates art as disney opens stem center in oakland with that black panther money
family surprises 99 year old pittsburgh pirates fan with first ballgame ever
man buys home of child killer just to tear it down and bring peace to family and community
paralyzed fighting guerrillas in venezuela , he graduated a star student athlete in texas
democrats announce agreement with president trump to spend $2 trillion on ' big and bold ' infrastructure plan
uae woman wakes up after 27 years in a coma
kiwi dad saves son from cheetah attack in africa
4 year old superhero receiving lots of love for his cause to help the homeless
an entangled adult humpback whale was freed off the coast of maui on christmas day . a team of trained responders helped free the whale off of lahaina after reports that the animal was trailing approximately 400 feet of heavy gauge line from its mouth , according to the noaa .
pitbull that ' saved boy ' s life ' will not be put down
the who has announced that measles have been eradicated in the americas , from canada to chile . its the first time the disease has been eliminated from an entire world region ( x post from r/upliftingtrends )
orphaned rhinos released into the wild
house equality act extends civil rights protections to gay and transgender people
almost 60% of earth ' s wildlife gone and govts meet to save the rest . natural life populaces have declined by 60% since 1970 .
pregnant woman of bus attack asks stranger who rescued her to be the baby ' s godmother
photographer restored a couple ' s wedding album after they lost everything in the wildfires
united nations solar for health project has now provided solar cells to more than 500 medical clinics in six african countries
dishwasher becomes co owner of world famous danish restaurant in ' recognition of his hard work and enduring smile '
duck forms unlikely friendship with depressed dog in tennessee
forget the fireworks look for a comet in the sky on new years eve
cat missing for ten years found after surviving wildfires in california
how this 31 year old parlayed a spine injury into a $500 million company
video of christian rapper praying with police officer goes viral
bison return to banff after more than a 100 year absence
how one man singlehandedly repopulated a rare butterfly species in his backyard
74 year old man makes 500th blood donation
canadian prime minister personally welcomes first arriving syrian refugees; finds matching winter jackets for twin sisters .
shaq becomes a florida deputy ! imagine the damage a running tackle from him is going to do to florida man . . .
elon musk donates $480 , 000 to bring clean water to flint schools
massachusetts becomes 16th state to ban ' gay conversion therapy '
anti vaxxers banned from raising money on gofundme | the independent
eden project ' s grand plans to transform disused anglesea coal mine into eco tourism attraction
hendricks county animal shelter gets ' overwhelming ' show of support
nurse adopts girl who had no visitors during hospital stay
nfl player who saves nearly 90% of his income teaches a money class at penn called ' life 101 '
solar farms shine a ray of hope on bees and butterflies a trend of planting wildflowers on solar sites could maintain habitat for disappearing bees and butterflies
california students will not pay a dime in tuition for first two years of community college .
there ' s a service called " cleaning for a reason " in the u . s . and canada that cleans the houses of women with cancer for free so they can focus on their health .
heroic boy calls 911 after pregnant mother falls unconscious
forget gdp new zealand is prioritizing gross national well being
charlie gard ' s parents have announced they will use 1 . 3m donated by well wishers to set up a charity foundation to help other children with rare diseases .
retired man goes back to school to become a hospice nurse after his wife dies
baby hears his mom ' s voice for the first time thanks to hearing aid
dozens line up to adopt from nearly 500 animals abandoned in a pet store in edmonton
workers get paid for community service at johnsonville sausage plant destroyed by fire .
f16 fighter jet saves patient ' s life by flying medical equipment across norway 450 km in 25 min
homeless nashville man buys house after selling papers for five years .
nevada becomes first us state with majority female legislature
astronomers publish sky map of thousands of newly discovered galaxies
edward norton raises $375k for michigan bound syrian family
stranger pays for jobless cornwall man ' s first date with girlfriend
til ' the wizard of oz ' saved the lives of the " munchkins . " in 1938 , the nazis plan was " exterminating undesirables , " including those born with a physical impairment . landing their roles allowed them to escape nazi germany and come to us . they couldn ' t speak english; their voices are someone else ' s .
2017 was a record year for organ donations
hillsborough county sheriff david gee initiated a homeless initiative six years ago because he understood officers couldnt enforce their way out of the problem . instead , he and his team sought to take a comprehensive approach to helping the homeless .
a new law in the philippines could lead to 525b new trees being planted
woman who lost leg in alton towers crash models at london fashion week
transplant girl now back as doctor at hospital that saved her life
he was mocked for shaving on a train . now nj transit is reportedly offering a job interview
tom courtenay gets a new lease of life after being cured of colour blindness at 81
first baby born to woman with uterus transplant from deceased donor
bearded vultures soar again in alps after breeding scheme
dozens of gay men saved from purge in chechnya by daring russian group
a 29 year old man saved numerous lives during tennessee waffle house shooting , police say
off duty nurse saves man suffering heart attack at la fitness
football and violins: hard hitting cobb students make music
finally a south african store is starting the no plastic movement in our country
unusual friendship between wolf and bear documented by finnish photographer
korean woman survives six days in australian wilderness
australia enjoys another peaceful day under oppressive gun control regime
zoe the police dog sniffs out 2 missing girls in ontario ' s algonquin park
georgia inmates save correctional officer who passed out during work detail
a 5 year old michigan girl has made it her goal to make sure all of her classmates get milk , even if their parents can ' t afford it .
walmart cashier pays half of grocery bill for family of five: i think yall need a blessing !
nearly $24 , 000 raised for muslim immigrant owned limo torched by protesters
oregon teen returns to track competition as para athlete after crash
bill to help ' retired ' laboratory animals passes in house
quarmy the german shepherd who hunts poachers
an african american musician named daryl davis has made it his mission to befriend members of the ku klux klan , resulting in several hundred of them leaving the klan
26 child labourers rescued from parle g plant in chhattisgarh , say cops
survivalist loses house to foreclosure , donates all his supplies to puerto rico
milk and mushrooms may prevent metabolic diseases
this nursing home had its first wedding .
iranian women protest against strict hijab laws by posting flying hair photos
u . s . president comforts family of fallen soldier
india to surpass paris agreement commitment . india would likely see the share of non fossil fuel power generation capacity to 45% by 2022 against a commitment of 40% by the same year
' sightings ' of extinct tasmanian tiger prompt search in queensland
85 year old woman loses 5000 in gdansk shopping mall , stranger hands it in
woodbridge police officer answers the call to save teddy bear in peril
band of wounded warriors healing through music
girl who escaped child marriage scores 90% in intermediate exam
really great story about two people falling in love late in life .
texas mosque burns down; donations exceed 500k in just 24h
windows launch uber app for windows 10 pc
jacob thompson got to meet the penguins !
philadelphia girl with inoperable brain tumor meets pope francis through ' make a wish '
fuck you im millwall
the blank books project is helping rebuild the destroyed collection of a university arts library in baghdad that burned down during the us invasion of iraq in 2003
owners vow to rebuild iconic queensland bed and breakfast the polish place after fire
the pokagon band of potawatomi indians donated $1 . 5 million to south bend nonprofits .
children read books to traumatized shelter dogs to help rehabilitate them
social media post helps struggling fish and chip restaurant in lethbridge .
one handed zach hodskins , florida gators walk on , scores college basketball si . com
server at polaris red robin pays for officers meals after funeral
former refugee magid magid takes up sheffield lord mayor post
major tool &amp; machine rewards 50 year employee with new cadillac
australian woman aims to launch free ride service to reunite palliative care patients with pets
uk scientists create worlds smallest surgical robot to start a hospital revolution: british built versius device will slash costs , improve patient recovery times and help speed up keyhole surgery
french president emmanuel macron ' s cabinet is half female
a woman turns dandelion weeds into sweet jelly
wausau girl reunited with twin sister on live tv
alberta farmer donates 10 , 000 kg of root vegetables to food banks with assistance from volunteers , hopes to do the same again this week .
sidney crosby shows up on doorstep of shocked family in rural nova scotia
3rd grader with autism nails every michael jackson move in talent show
a starbucks barista gave a note to a deaf man and became a shining example of service .
hs football coach tells his players to taunt the qb on the other team for having 2 moms no player taints him and the coach is forced to resign
the flying doctors tv show motivates british nurse to save lives in the outback
a new type of food pantry is sprouting in yards across america
when no one shows up for 4 year old ' s birthday , chuck e . cheese employees buy him presents
dog returned to owner after surviving 12 days lost in new mexico desert
pre talking baby tries to use phone like an adult , her convo with dad is too cute !
mom surrogate for gay son
a couple was rained out of their wedding venue during hurricane barry , so they got married at the university of louisiana lafayette indoor practice field .
snapchat+guy=less pedos
anonymous donor pays off ohio students lunch debts
ethiopia plants 2 . 6 billion tree seedlings as part of national project
flathead animal clinic revives cat found buried in snow
canadian freed after being jailed in u . s . over decades old marijuana conviction
republican senator blasts trumps rhetoric , makes comparisons to stalin
dolly parton fund to donate $1 , 000/month to families who lost homes in fire
tulsa police work to give merry christmas to girl who saw parents killed
cristiano ronaldo: real madrid forward donates 600 , 000 {705828 . 00} champions league win bonus to charity
chris hemsworth flies hitchhiker to byron bay in private helicopter
kid tightropes across ski lift cable to save suffocating friend
can we all unite to end fgm ?
an entire county in florida just banned homework , says to read instead
mexicans march for gay marriage in response to homophobic rally " i respect your family , respect mine .
woman collects 2 . 4 tons of trash on nova scotia beaches in 1 year
a young man and his vision provide hope to the young people of palestine through the art of skateboarding
youtuber jacques slade uses shoe unboxing video to champion anti slavery campaign
u . s . students faring better in math and science than they did two decades ago
minneapolis increases min wage to $15 , and will rise automatically with inflation annually statewide
pornhub says it will plow snow in boston for free
uncle rushes into burning home to save his 8 year old niece: ' i ' d do it again '
cheap diabetes drugs taken by millions may slow down progression of alzheimers
greece ends 27 year macedonia name row
alex trebek is done with chemotherapy and back at work on ' jeopardy ! '
syrian family to reunite in toronto , thanks to unlikely partnership of a synagogue and a mosque
airline pilot giving life saving kidney to her flight attendant in a pretty fair trade off
optimisim as scientists say they may have found a way to protect babies in the womb from zikus virus
choir breaks out in song on plane carrying remains of fallen soldier
one good deed deserves another
the restaurant of order mistakes employs waiters with dementia , and you never know what youre getting | bored panda
philadelphia bans cashless stores and restaurants .
after 20 years , young man leaves foster care on his own terms
before he died , an elderly man left his 2 year old neighbor christmas presents for the next 14 years
6 year old girl with down syndrome who was rejected from a local dance company busts a move in incredible dance video .
two brothers collect food bank donations instead of halloween treats
us postal service starts using all electric vans in california | fleet owner
bus driver helps a distressed girl get to her first day at high school . ( leeds , yorkshire , uk ) .
rapper behind the sonic adventure 2 knuckles raps returns with a new knuckles song to celebrate sonic mania
the guy who decorates houses at christmas for people who have had a suicide in the family
school yearbook photo of virginia student ' s service dog goes viral
good samaritans lift van to save toddler
l . a . considers hiring homeless people to clean up litter on the streets
actor gary sinise flies 1 , 000 children of fallen soldiers to disney world for christmas people are overwhelmingly appreciative
purrfect job; russian town hires cat chief to attend to strays
bbc news iraqi weightlifter donates gold medal to aid earthquake victims
houston students offered 3 free meals daily
methodist healthcare system sending therapy dogs to assist in el paso mass shooting
3 newborn endangered right whales seen after year with no births
firefighters roll dying forest ranger through the woods one last time
boy battling leukemia gets jose altuve inspired back brace
35 , 647 previously unfunded teacher project/book requests get funded by ripple and its executives donating $29 million via donorschoose . org
89 year old chicago popsicle seller can retire after gofundme campaign with $3000 goal raises $380 , 000 for him
coral springs , florida police giving out holiday traffic gift cards instead of tickets . happy holidays !
pakistani women gain new mobility with transportation apps
this woman ran 19 miles of a marathon carrying a lost puppy and then adopted him after no one came to claim him
costa rica has banned styrofoam a major win for the environment: after rolling out a national strategy to drastically reduce plastic use by 2021 last year , costa rica is now taking its environmental protection efforts a step
cop gives incredible impromptu performance of star spangled banner after scheduled singer gets stuck in traffic
new data from the uk suggests britain is bucking the trend with co2 emissions down by 3%
nurse arrested for rape of women in vegetative state who gave birth at care facility
spain busts sex trafficking ring based on victim hotline tip
reddit post sends new zealand woman an ambulance from the other side of the world
swastika acres , a subdivision in colorado , may finally change its name after 111 6ears
abused shelter dog a hero for finding naked girl shivering in cold
ashers ' gay cake ' row: bakers win supreme court appeal
diner customer leaves $2 , 000 tip
supermarkets in thailand and vietnam start using banana leaves instead of plastic
woman , 99 , celebrates birthday by rocking out on drum set
treat the pain is a charity that distributes bottles of morphine to those in need of pain relief . however , the morphine is diluted in water to help prevent addiction . a clever solution to address the severe gap in access to pain relief in poor countries .
mlb teams are coming together so this young fan ( with 3d printed hand ) can throw out the first pitch at every ballpark
a student uses his engineering skills to save a diabetic co passenger ' s life on flight by making a custom insulin pen
new zealand goldfish rescued after four months in earthquake hit office
san francisco becomes first major us city to ban fur sales
8 . 8 million nepalis have gained access to electricity since 2010 , and officials say the country is on track for universal access by 2022 .
a new 10 million plan will see more than 130 , 000 trees planted across englands towns and cities , environment secretary michael gove announced
the forgotten swiss diplomat who rescued thousands from holocaust carl lutz has been credited with leading the largest civilian rescue operation of world war two
the true story of the man who never gave up . the ' cinderella man '
the people of flint , mi are coming together and speaking out . the flint fwd movement shows the strength and resilience of the city of flint and answers the question " what is flint ?
tim tebow hosts prom for 90 , 000 special needs students around the globe
leading proponent of gay conversion therapy has announced hes now seeking a male partner
teacher catches boys in a patriotic act in the pouring rain
police officer comforts autistic boy who may have been suicidal
giant pearl left under a bed could be world ' s biggest man who had kept it for good luck was left with nothing and decided to see if it might be worth something . it could be worth 100 million .
kids in hospital receive magical christmas surprise . a little magic can take you a long way .
jake olson , uscs blind long snapper , makes first game appearance
accessible surfing offers safe way to ride the waves
corey jones police shooting trial: raja guilty of manslaughter , attempted first degree murder
michael dell , tech billionaire , pledges $36 million in harvey relief
evangelicals ignore gop by embracing syrians refugees
cop donates kidney to 8 year old stranger
emissions trading system launched in india to curb industrial pollution
barack and michelle obama ' s official portraits expand beyond usual format
employee comes out as trans , her co workers throw her a surprise party !
congress recognizes homeless &amp; disabled scholar
wildlife making huge comeback on reclaimed coal mine lands in ohio; water in creeks used to be " like vinegar
vw announces new all electric car platform to be produced in the us by 2020 | electrek
pet tortoise returned to drive inn after thief stole it to prevent it from being abused and eaten
eight year old saves pocket money for a year to buy toys for kids spending christmas in hospital
us woman gets bouquet of birthday flowers every year from her dad who died four years ago
my friends band got some unexpected help
university to offer free tuition to students from families that make less than $65k
a los angeles ice cream truck is refusing to give away free cones to influencers and now charges them double the price
congresswomen hold sleeveless friday in a show of their right to bare arms
pm personally approved $443m fund for tiny barrier reef foundation
in victory for workers demanding ' justice and dignity , ' disneyland employees secure $15 minimum wage
best friends for 60 years discover they are brothers
sports star travis rudolph joins autistic boy for lunch
injured hiker has tearful reunion with the dog he had to leave behind
chinese man spends $400 , 000 to buy a slaughterhouse; saves 2 , 000 dogs .
hawaiian hokule ' a canoe makes it round the world
irans emergency medics help myanmar refugees
josh gad uses frozen character olaf to support sick kids
bell " let ' s talk " campaign raises over $6 million for canadian mental health programs through 125 million interactions over social media
history 30 years in the making as 12 year old matches dad ' s feat at same age
new york police officer visits australian nursing home to help 85 year old woman with dementia fulfill her dream of meeting a nyc police officer .
motorcycle hero of nice is alive and well after risking his life to stop the truck driver
transgender people encouraged to become priests in church of england diversity drive bishops in the diocese of lichfield have issued new guidance to parishioners and clergy reminding them that lgbt people " can be called to roles of leadership and service in the local church " .
food for thought: how mumbais community fridges are feeding the needy
golden retriever saves owner by taking rattlesnake bite
a 6 year old girl gives up her birthday party to give back to the homeless
she was 92 , stranded in puerto rico nursing home . her rescue: an uber sent from miami
tigers to be reintroduced to cambodian wild
india ' s total solar capacity crosses 10 gw mark: bridge to india
small town high school raises $823 , 614 . 91 for charity with dance marathon
children drive in mini tesla ' s to operation room . this reduces stress and might improve recovering . hospital is expanding to twelve mini cars
after ghana teachers ms word drawing on blackboard went viral indian firm gifts real computers to school
youtube group " the creatures " donates a check worth $47 , 000 to " there with care , " a charity group .
' just a matter of when ' : the $20bn plan to power singapore with australian solar ambitious export plan could generate billions and make australia the centre of low cost energy in a future zero carbon world
world ' s oldest man celebrates 146th birthday and says patience is key for long life
small birds expected to bounce back in annual uk count royal society for the protection of birds says successful breeding season and kind weather could see many species faring well in this years big garden birdwatch
neosho students raise funds with endangered species videos
china and india help make planet leafier bbc news
fewer people going back to prison: the share of people who return to state prison three years after being releasedthe most common measure of recidivismdropped by nearly a quarter over a recent seven year period
bill and melinda gates foundation is paying off nigerias $76 million polio debt
afghan boy who saw close relatives being beheaded by taliban graduates from indian military academy .
13 year old boy donates all his bar mitzvah money to throw a party for kids with cancer
mission marshall hands out new bikes to marshall isd students for read to ride
wood selling us man , 80 , inspires thousands
world champion boxer manny pacquiao builds 1 , 000 homes for poor filipinos
fortnite creator is buying thousands of acres of forest to stop it from being cut down
l . a . will convert nuisance flophouse motel units to 500 apartments for homeless vets
freed chibok girls reunited with their families for christmas
meet the fantastic mother daughter team helping homeless individuals care for their pets ( video )
this company is using plastic waste to combat poverty
city bus driver takes in young child wandering streets in the middle of the night
the real story behind the viral carrie underwood tribute truck on r/wtf is unexpectedly heart warming
the women changing canada ' s most infamous polygamist colony from the inside
meanwhile in buffalo: the freedom wall , featuring 28 civil rights activists is completed
congressional baseball game will go on as scheduled after shooting
he ' s a true hero " : triple h presents off duty police officer injured in london terror attack with wwe championship
college fraternity raises 40k+ walking 160 miles to raise money and awareness for multiple sclerosis
a young australian who died unexpectedly and donated his organs is being lauded in china , a country with few foreign donors . phillip hancock has changed five lives , helping two people to see again
sf couple raises $100k for fire relief with i love you california print
unemployment falls to 49 year low of 3 . 7% as u . s . adds 134 , 000 jobs in september
half of u . s . conservatives say climate change is real
family sacrifices car to save kitten
the walking dead stars norman reedus and steven yeun help victims in car crash .
el paso artist creates powerful ' el paso strong ' mural
crayfish becomes online hero by detaching claw to escape boiling soup
mozilla firefox now blocks websites , advertisers from tracking you
secret ' santa ' delivers check paying off nearly $50 , 000 in walmart layaway
saints fan helps disabled giants fan stand for national anthem
success kid: ' success kid ' lives up to his meme
dwayne " the rock " johnson sends emotional video to teen who lost his mom , the star ' s biggest fan , in a car crash
egypts muslims stand with persecuted christians , condemn isis attacks
some good conservation news: indias tiger numbers are going up
deaf 10 year old girl teaches hearing impaired puppy sign language
negotiators in poland have finally secured agreement on a range of measures that will make the paris climate pact operational in 2020
this african park has a high tech plan to combat poachers . this week , rwandas akagera national park launched a new system that allows park rangers to monitor animals , visitors , and equipment in real time .
cincinnati science teacher sets fastest record for rowing solo across atlantic ocean
ebola outbreak in west africa no longer a global risk: who
tulane scientist has come up with a way to give patients a real nipple and areola to patients after mastectomy
students invent gloves that can translate sign language into speech and text to provide an easy to use bridge between native speakers of american sign language and the rest of the world .
ukraine to chemically castrate paedophiles and rapists in prison under new laws
residents in the rugged , overmined city of jincheng in northern chinas coal heartland have been breathing a little easier after campaigns to reduce pollution forced dozens of collieries and chemical plants to close
michigan muslims use ramadan to fight hunger
new jersey unveils energy plan to make state 100% clean by 2050 reuters
in just one day , chef jose andres ' team served 11 , 400 free meals to furloughed federal workers in dc
pakistan to send doctors to turkey to treat syrian refugees
story of chicago woman who rented hotel rooms to homeless during recent freezing weather .
new york jail population below 9 , 000 for 1st time since 1982
an indian boxer won a title fight against a chinese opponent then offered to hand back the prize as a gesture of peace between the two nations which are locked in a territorial dispute in the himalayas .
prosthodontics program donates dentures to needy
seven year old recovering well after five organ transplant
no deaths reported in mexican airliner accident that had 101 people onboard
world ' s first solar road opens in france
vinyl album sales out perform digital downloads for first time ever
arkansas governor backs removing confederate link to flag
man on road trip finds lost dog , months later returns to colorado to adopt her
' wonder dog ' alerts owner to blood sugar swings
shoprite customers donate to brain tumor research
the malaysian government has announced it will not allow any further expansion of oil palm plantations , and that it intends to maintain forest cover at 50% . malaymail
fifty children saved as international paedophile ring busted
check out these 10 super inspiring people last week
watch: man deploys moral philosophy to defend ' it ' s always sunny in philadelphia '
for the first time in a century , humpback whales have returned to the waters of new york city
robot helping with daily burden of carrying water in remote indian village
g 7 leaders vow to help brazil fight fires , repair damage
to everyone joining our brothers and sisters in mourning tonight . remember . nevertheless , el paso persisted ! #elpasostrong
ahmadiyya muslim community holds annual blood drive in honor of 9/11 victims collecting over 40 , 000 pints of blood .
in a superhero cape , he feeds the city ' s hungry and homeless . and he ' s only 4
supreme court says " enough civil forfeiture " .
pilot offers pizza to stranded passengers
aussie woman , whose car has been broken in a few times , posts a warning to potential thieves . no , not prosecution , but warmth , food and friendship because we ' re all in this together .
fdny chaplain officiates wedding despite crane collapse chaos
new als drug approved for lou gehrig ' s disease gives patients hope
terminally ill boy dies in santas arms
ecuador tribe wins court case over the amazon rainforest
bitcoin reaches record high
y combinators next project is a better city
nadia murad wins human rights prize for yazidi campaign
my wife and i got married on saturday ! we are so glad we could share how blessed we are with others . some toys for tots drop off locations are are still accepting donations today so please , give if you can .
service dog delivers 8 puppies at florida airport while waiting for a flight
the walking dead star jeffrey dean morgan adopted donkey and emu that ' fell in love ' so they could stay together
a friend of mine dressed up as spider man and surprised kids with christmas gifts in low income neighborhood
woman dying of cancer saved . . . thanks to her ex husband ' s new wife
sierra nevada brewing founder donates $1 million to butte college , giving two semesters of free tuition and fees to all new full time students
rapper 2 chainz helps disabled veteran with rent , furniture
teen tells police he is missing illinois boy timmothy pitzen
unitedhealth offer free apple watch to members who walk at least 10 , 000 steps per day
chobani yogurt ceo voluntarily gives 10 percent of company to employees
symbolic lei with a message of aloha for victims of florida shooting: dozens of students and teachers gathered at the state capitol for the lei of aloha for world peace saturday morning . the ceremony was a way to pay tribute to the 17 victims tragically killed in parkland , florida on february 14 .
vet: tito , 77 pound tortoise , reunites with massapequa owners
koch brother passes away .
koala allows man to gently brush burrs from its fur
schwarzenegger message helps inspire struggling fans
south bend , in mayor pete marries his partner during pride
farmington police officer changes baby ' s diaper after responding to call
from my honetown his backyard ice rink honors a stepdaughters memory . now county inspectors may close it . the washington post
' batkid ' is now cancer free 5 years after taking over city of san francisco with make a wish
emotions 101: why hawaii schools are focusing on feelings hawaii schools have joined a growing educational movement that emphasizes whole child development , not just academics .
meet the teen who went from being homeless to photographing famous people
my mom made a youtube about mortgages and it ' s the cutest thing !
two gay fathers are told theyre going to be grandpas
all boys rescued from thai cave
alabama woman unearths tennessee man ' s long lost class ring
kitten rescued from 12th story ledge in singapore
canadian american family freed after five years as captives in afghanistan
this hungarian taps the potential of disabled people
johnson &amp;amp; johnson under criminal investigation for concealing cancer risks of baby powder
worlds first dog tap house combines pups &amp; brews " owner wants patrons to visit &amp; hopes people will consider adopting homeless dogs
after tweeting about her " worst day ever " for sales , the owner of an independent bookstore has been inundated with support from customers , book lovers and famous authors
steward at football match praised for helping disabled fan to his feet to celebrate each goal as his team won 3 0
skyjack rolls out 12 , 000 lb . capacity telehandler at world of concrete | lift and access
a number of children decided to break their piggybanks to help people who are desperately in need of cash after the recent demonetization drive in india
trailer park boys j roc will send you a personal recording for a food bank donation
toronto restaurant owner peacefully engages with vegan protesters by offering vegan friendly meals and inviting the organizer to go foraging with him
senate passes bill ensuring 9/11 victims fund will never run out of money
helping sick children heal with video games: gamers outreach foundation is a nonprofit that provides gaming hardware and software to childrens hospitals across the country to help its young patients better cope with long term medical treatment .
canberra tuesday welcomed as " very touching " the scrapping of a planned french wind farm on . . . the former bullecourt killing fields in northern france , where some 10 , 000 australians were killed or wounded in 1917 .
drag queens give support to british boy banned from show
cancer hpv vaccine eliminates skin cancer in 97 year old , doctors report in a new paper in jama dermatology .
tiny beer , big heart | proceeds from 2nd shift brewings beer go to area schools
paola teacher using dry erase board drawings to get students excited for school
3 year old fighting cancer gets magical disney ' tattoo ' session to be just like her dad
player misses first world cup for birth of first child , saying everybody says you only get one chance to be in a world cup , but also theres only one day in your life where your children are born .
flight attendant saves teenage girl from human trafficking after seeing secret note
horse found safe in pool after camp fire blazes through area
30 , 000 people march in chile to save a river
vendor selling swastika shirts on usc campus asked to leave
a large study of mdma for ptsd gets the green light
amazon is launching a new program to donate unsold products , after reports that millions were being destroyed
young entrepreneur owning his future in the it industry
india surpasses solar energy target for 2015 16 more than one and a half times
15 year old wisconsin boy raises over $10 , 000 for a young girl fighting neuroblastoma by selling his 4 h hog .
dhl employee wants to deliver package to nursery school and sees smoke in the house . because the door is open , he enters the house , turns off the stove , opens the window and thus prevents a fire . leaves a note and is gone before the fire brigade shows up . ( only german source as it happened in de )
gwen stefani invites bullied fan on stage at concert
lawn company gives 11 year old who wanted a job his own lawnmower
alaska airlines says ' so long ' to non recyclable plastic straws
india opens first school for transgender pupils a residential school for transgender people has been opened in the indian city of kochi , to help adults who dropped out of school finish their education
vitamin d may offer protection against cancers , study says
the ebola outbreak in west africa has ended
scientific research shouldn ' t sit behind a paywall the public pays taxes to support research; they should be able to access the results
our legally blind friend is running across america , 50 miles per day , to help other blind people !
i was helpless , homeless and hopeless , says a dc woman ' s shelter success story
this typewriter repairman was told computers were king . twenty years later , hes still in business
overwatch with the pink mercy skin raised more than $12 . 7 million ( usd ) to support the breast cancer research foundation
japanese curry chain goes the extra mile to make former employee ' s wedding special
supertramp singer gives a little bit inviting teens with autism on stage to perform with 39 piece orchestra
when guy sees napping restaurant cook , he lets them sleep and prepares , pays for his own meal
funds raised for dad who lunged at larry nassar will go to charity
a government minister has promised that the uk will lead a fight to shut down the ivory trade in the eu , describing the issue as a personal priority for the foreign secretary boris johnson . uk was worlds largest legal ivory exporter between 2010 and 2015 .
federal judge declares policing for profit unconstitutional
trump supporter sheltered by sikh temple during oroville dam evacuation
texas inmates donate $53 , 000 to hurricane harvey relief
native american tribe donates $184 , 000 to cover funeral costs of people who died in alabama tornadoes
new zealand now recognizes all animals as sentient beings !
150 year old wedding dress lost at dry cleaners found
good samaritan rushes into icy creek to rescue strangers dog
frustrated father ' s letter to macy ' s ceo spurs new changing table inside store men ' s room
missing dog roger brought home
the 3rd annual innovateher challenge aims to help entrepreneurs and women led startups gain traction
a full 17 hours after an earthquake shook central italy on wednesday , firefighters rescued a 10 year old girl from the rubble of fallen buildings
a teen who was in and out of homelessness has been accepted to 17 colleges
homeless australian man reunited with lost rat pet by police
first hiv vaccine trial in 7 years to start in south africa this week
in us , belief in creationist view of humans at new low
it ' s not every day that someone turns 100 years old . and it ' s really not every day that three childhood best friends hit the centenarian mark together .
tinder glitch matches two straight dublin men , each thinking the other ' s a woman end up friends . ( repost )
six months later , the return of three astronauts brightened the possibility of space travel
delivering a hero: how dominos pizza workers saved a customers life
former marine steals truck after vegas shooting and drives nearly 30 victims to hospital
a 22 year old california man built a makeshift wheelchair for his girlfriend ' s dog out of pvc pipes . the project cost $40 and saved the family from having to pay $8 , 000 for surgery or $1 , 000 for a custom wheelchair .
david koch has died
dying eight year old ' s christmas wish granted by 10 , 000 carolers
apple ' s siri calls ambulance for baby
woman stabbed 32 times by abusive partner marries paramedic who saved her life
5 things you should never , ever put into a google image search
professor at all male college holds student ' s baby during lecture so student could take notes .
families reunite as 82 bnei menashe immigrate to israel ( video )
a dog left outside a brooklyn home during last week ' s blizzard has been saved by a long island group who adopts senior dogs
families separated by u . s . mexico border reunite during hugs not walls event
drug saftey associate or dsa jobs
monkeys mourn fallen dummy monkey after mistaking it for the real thing
nice story
how these artists created a sustainable childcare alternative that gave kids confidence and wonder | cbc arts
palmyra pictures show city ' in good shape ' after recapture from isis , antiquities expert says
american women and their dogs rescued after being stranded at sea for five months in shark infested waters
officials: many who gave tips in murder case didn ' t want reward . they just wanted justice . . .
ottawa police rescue snowed in senior who spent winter living off supplies in house
oklahoma court upholds sentence for ex cop convicted of rape
watch mom make lucky shot to earn half year tuition for her daughter
police officers from charles county greeting students with high fives and hugs .
would you consider this an uplifting news ? matrix 4 officially a go with keanu reeves , carrie anne moss and lana wachowski
an anonymous source has donated $1 million , enabling digital access to the new york times for more than 1 . 3 million students in the u . s .
108 year old canadian man says the trick to a long life is to pick a good wife: esmond allcock celebrated his 108th birthday on jan . 26 .
amendment 4 is happening: ex felons can register to vote tuesday
woman who fled wildfire returns a month later to find lost dog waiting for her
unwanted cat befriends lonely goat
phoenix shelter dog becomes disney star in upcoming ' lady and the tramp '
renegade mower faced police after spotting high grass at a business
kkk members outnumbered by counter protesters at dayton rally saturday
a good man removed a cereal bowl from this blinded squirrel ' s head
baby abandoned at sf state now one of its grads
ex cons find second chances easier to get in tight labor market restaurants like mcdonald ' s , mod pizza , &amp; firehouse subs are working with community organizations to tap into a new labor pool .
sand whisperer finds lost ring at tobay beach
once charged with murder , this man now free is chasing his dream
a purple heart that was mistakenly donated to goodwill will be returned to a sailor ' s family
over the counter birth control might soon become a reality
woman embraces muslim women she threatened , apologizes
deaf dog rescued from hurricane harvey finds forever home in time for christmas
colorado man can fly his flag just in time for 4th of july
little girl ' s stolen puppy returned by remorseful thieves
loyal dog found guarding burnt out house one month after california wildfire
pangolin , the ' artichoke with legs , ' earns top trade protection
cheap , safe 100% renewable energy possible before 2050 , says finnish uni study
7th busiest airport in the usa hires cute , chubby piggy " lilou " to relief stress of traveling
12 year old entrepreneur donates big to freedom service dogs
meet us marine ravi dharnidharka the soldier who saved 157 lives at the taj hotel on 26/11
russian scientists discover bacteria that neutralizes nuclear waste
a king penguin at edinburgh zoo has been made a brigadier by the king of norway ' s guard bbc news
childline is 30 years old this year it should be celebrated
acquitted after having spent 36 years in prison for a crime he did not commit , michael hanline was full of hope and asked for a burger: " i feel as if i ' m on a rocket ship " , " my my , so that ' s what meat tastes like
india is now a world leader in renewable energy . here ' s how
this story of two homeless men in toronto &amp; their christmas tree
glass artist dale chihuly creating a sanctuary with healing hands
scientists report restoring forests could cut atmospheric carbon by 25 percent , in a new study that assessed tree cover using google earth , finding that theres 0 . 9 billion hectares of land available for planting forests , which could store 205 gigatonnes of carbon .
wholesome . . putin ? ( russia outlaws animal cruelty across country )
we hire refugees unites business owners who believe the principles upon which america was founded are more powerful than fear and hatred
california police buy walk to work teen a bicycle
man , 91 , given chance to fly lancaster bomber
obscure pentagon official shay assad does his best to cut military overspending despite heavy opposition .
jimmy carter leads effort to open a clinic in a small georgia town that was without a doctor .
a couple is getting married at an airport ' s baggage claim , where they met
airlines are waiving pet in cabin and baggage fees for hurricane dorian evacuees
3 missing waterbury children found in texas return to connecticut
why the world is still getting better and that ' s likely to continue
dog , pulled from fire , revived after 20 minutes .
he gave a bike to a refugee girl . 24 years later , she got to thank him .
manta ray asks diver for help in australia .
carl ' s jr . employee made a tourniquet to help a bleeding victim of youtube shooting
hometown hero: wwii veteran devoted to helping others , honored for saving lives
rescued pets cover beach boys ' ' pet sounds ' for charity
it ' s odin ' s birthday today ! i remember how awesome reddit was last year , can we do it again ?
nurses donate mega millions winnings to co workers in need
rob mcelhenney wants to cast teen booted from prom on ' it ' s always sunny '
what an amazing story ! :d
love at first touch , blind coupl get 3d printed copy of their unborn babies ultrasound
egg laying hens live in horrific conditions . washington state just passed a law to change that
uae ' s sheikh mohammed sends personal plane with 100 tonnes of aid to madagascar
woman rescued from collapsed building
this heroic science teacher tackled a school shooter saving countless lives . he was shot three times and is currently doing well after surgery .
anonymous lottery player drops winning ticket in salvation army kettle
abortion clinic safe zone to be created
meet the dog who knows how to ice skate and is trying to attract the attention of the nhl
wwii veteran hopes for 101 birthday cards for 101st birthday in june
duck ramps appear at u . s . capitol , but not everyone is pleased
' if you jump , i jump ' : mom struggling with cancer , performs cliffside rope rescue
children reunite with sapd officer who saved them from burning building
these teen girls from kenya invented an app to end female genital mutilation
this guy shows real aussie spirit , lending a hand to drought stricken farmers and wanting no recognition for it .
reddit wishing you a happy new years !
man uses his breath to free sparrow frozen to a fence
uber from chicago to buffalo: $900 . friendship between bills player and driver: priceless .
olympian simone biles real parents: 10 things to consider
us health insurance boss mark bertolini pays workers to get more sleep
premature babies get halloween costumes at michigan hospital
beautiful birds: four painted buntings rescued from poaching suspects
38 chinese cities host " adoption day " for stray animals
my grandma is 96 next week . she just made the paper for the curling bonspiel that happened in her little town . she lives by herself in her tiny home still ! everyone loves great grandma helen !
high school community raises $30 , 000 to help with legal fees for student who made threat triggering a 5+ hour school lockdown .
no one thought they could do it , but three overweight brothers shed pounds while walking 2 , 700 miles across america
engineers are building solar balloons that float above the clouds for constant sun
queen elizabeth , prince philip release new photo to mark 70th anniversary
classmates learn sign language to support fellow kindergartener who is deaf
kayaker rescues naked skinny dipper clinging to riverside tree
internet raises $175k for 89 year old popsicle man who recently lost his daughter after viral gofundme
san bernardino shooting hero to co worker: ' i got you
we were totally wrong about that scott kelly space genes story
canadian rescues baby moose stuck in snow
prisoners rescue deaf dogs evacuating california fire: ' we sprung into action '
stop trying to save the planet , matthew canavan tells queensland government
man ' s kind act in grocery store is paid back with monster tip
93 year old makes first hole in one in 65 years of golfing
grand blanc baker offers free bread to shutdown affected government workers
navy rescues 2 americans and their dogs who were lost at sea for months
john oliver ' s debt buy was informed by these inspiring activists let ' s give them the recognition they deserve !
metal rock community rallies around dad hurt while crowd surfing at welcome to rockville
two of the kidnapped chibok schoolgirls who escaped from boko haram captivity in 2014 have graduated from a high school in washington dc , us
dog missing for 4 years turns up on owner ' s doorstep
girl spots discarded winning lottery scratcher , spends money on thanksgiving for those in need
a bolivian miner trapped for more than 26 hours without food or water in the san jose mine under the city of oruro has been rescued . freddy toco had been trapped underground since a landslide blocked the mine ' s exits . on wednesday morning , toco ' s family alerted the authorities .
congo has given over 200 , 000 people merck ebola vaccine
100 backpacks full of supplies for needy students were donated in lieu of flowers at teacher ' s funeral
these two preteen brothers are helping the homeless in new orleans when everyone else has failed them
steve , a homeless man who was sleeping near manchester arena , rushed to help young victims streamable
judicial system gives a therapeutic riding center a second chance .
3 dams to be removed in american west to restore rivers
cuba sends two tons of medicine to syria
in an unprecedented move , india ' s apex court agrees to let indians watch it work
watch: boy catches foul ball at tigers game , gifts it to another boy in heartwarming moment
giant squid captured on camera for the first time in the us
did anyone know a 10 year old boy in sacremento , ca in 1988 that may have lived in a home with someone who ' s last name was fanworth ? the media is looking for that boy . because a boy ryder goggin , 5 , has uncovered a mystery after pulling a message in a bottle from a river in california .
saudi women are officially allowed get behind the wheel , as a decades old driving ban is lifted
uk man helps trace missing four year old girl in us with free pizza
xstat 30 a device that can plug gunshot wounds in 15 seconds
angelenos cross racial , religious and geographic lines to beat back los angeles traffic
this 90 year old dublin man is celebrating today after meeting his two sisters for the first time
it does get better
puppy lost at sea found
dog falls 40 feet down cave hidden by snow , saved by utah county search and rescue . video of reunion in link .
single mom making minimum wage used her $5 , 400 tax return to pay rent for the year " instead of buying my kids the latest jordans or fancy electronics
turtle power !
hes 22 . shes 81 . their friendship is melting hearts .
over 30 , 000 tennessee students have received free community college education in the past two years .
world ' s largest electric vehicle is a dump truck that doesn ' t even need to be plugged in . . .
well that ' s nice to see .
trump forest a global reforestation project aiming to offset trump ' s anti climate policies has reached 1 million trees after thousands of pledges from around the world .
yale is letting anyone take its most popular class ever for free
metallica donate $100 , 000 to california wildfire relief efforts
french president emmanuel macron writes birthday poem about eiffel tower for schoolgirl
how do blind kids find easter eggs ? with help from the bomb squad !
hi , @inusedbooks here ! i thought you might want to see the original letter from 1893 that i found in a book ! its too beautiful to not share with as many people as possible !
climate change: uk government to commit to net zero 2050 emissions target
officer pulls over late college student for speeding , ends up helping him tie his tie and letting him go
cow escapes truck destined for slaughterhouse , is rescued by nj sanctuary , then gives birth a few days later !
buddhist monks serve iftar for muslims in bangladesh .
double amputee marine vet makes history with remarkable achievement
holocaust jacket found at tag sale leads to a life story
siberian four year old trekked miles through snow and wolf infested woods to help sick grandmother
watch a 24 week unborn baby respond to fathers voice with 3d ultrasound ! amazing !
african american boy starts book club for kids like him
mysterious stranger buys $1 , 300 of ice cream for every single customer the receipt was 7 feet long .
new vaccine to fight rotavirus . a disease that kills 600 children a day
heroic good samaritan " saves a puppy from drowning inside a cage filling with seawater and now plans to adopt it
alex trebek back at work on jeopardy ! after finishing chemo
maine business washes away a big box store nightmare
two olympians fall in the 5k , help each other up , and finish together
aids epidemic no longer a public health issue in australia , scientists say
nyc issues nation ' s first ' intersex ' birth certificate
massachusetts limo driver gives girl , 8 , with rare genetic disorder free rides to boston children ' s hospital
school community bands together to support gay athlete ahead of hate groups planned protest
local muslims and lgbt community come together after orlando massacre
taking care of stray dogs
steve , a homeless man who was sleeping near manchester arena , rushed to help young victims
oakland residents throw cook out where white woman called cops on black family
woman found alive days after her car plunges off 200 foot cliff near big sur
staley football team rallies around no . 1 supporter in unforgettable way
were you affected by sunday ' s tragedy in orlando ? jet blue is offering free seats to immediate family members and domestic partners of the victims ! please share with anyone who may be in need of this service .
kind stranger buys air ticket for yukon senior who needs cataract surgery
lego reaches 100% renewable energy target three years ahead of schedule
4 , 000 kilometers , 10 months: one australian ' s march for indigenous rights
infamous reparative therapy clinic for transgender youth set to close
wisconsin sheriff ' s deputy learns hes been working alongside a person who wrote to him when he was stationed in iraq 15 years ago
manitoba rescue dog with severe mange recovers , finds home in b . c . after tv appearance
odin the brave herding dog survives california wildfires after refusing to abandon his goats
a badly injured woman survived three freezing nights thanks to her beloved dog keeping her warm after their vehicle crashed off the road and plunged 45m down a steep bank .
hero dog saves life of freezing owner who broke his neck in fall
pizzeria owner offers help to woman who stole food while kids distracted staff
touching moment five year old girl is reuinted with her sailor father after six months
walmart cashier steps in to polish disabled woman ' s nails when salon refuses
mcdonald ' s workers open restaurant after hours to feed little girls after father was arrested
paramedics save man , 91 , who promised wife dinner date
bridesmaid saves drowning baby goose during wedding photo shot
38 children under five years old , of the 102 identified , were returned to their families by tuesday evening , according to a health and human services official and an administration official .
teacher brings clippers to school to give students free haircuts on graduation day
canada announces nature champions summit
childhood dreams come to life as superheroes take over austin hospital | kvue . com
india to bring forward 100 , 000 megawatts of new solar power
this is very uplifting
heartbeat technology finds dog in tunnel in west lothian bbc news
national chips cheese and gravy day proposed on the isle of man
17 year old with depression asks r/roastme to roast his photo so hed have a reason to end it all , redditors respond .
toilet charges scrapped at busiest railway stations
thieves return stolen bike with ' awesome ' apology note
north korea taking part in south korean olympics after talks | ctv news
letters of love and comfort from the 13 boys and coach trapped in thai cave
first steps towards resurrecting extinct species scientists close to creating an elephant mammoth hybrid
baby ' s first hearing aids
donors family unexpectedly meets the man with relatives heart at a baseball stadium
100th birthday cards for wwii veteran
rhino poacher killed by elephants then eaten by lions . karma ' s a b****
alabama publisher who called for kkk to ' ride again ' is replaced by black woman
new jersey to become first state to send new parents home with baby boxes
firefighters photograph themselves pulling 180 pound pot bellied pig from cistern
children in foster care get fun in sun at wet ' n ' wild las vegas
lane college receives ' veteran friendly ' distinction , celebrates new program
terminally ill woman who survived attempt on own life finds out she ' s in perfect health
elderly dog stays with toddler lost in bushland for 15 hours then leads police to her
muslims raise more than 20k for london victims
kind hearted bus driver offers to braid an 11 year old girl ' s hair every day for school after her mom tragically passed away
after addiction and tragedy , the iron sheik gets back up off the mat
india decriminalises homosexuality in a historic judgement today
japan ' s emperor akihito has declared his abdication ( step down from the throne ) due to age and declining health and delivered his last public address as emperor , in a historic ceremony in tokyo . he is the first japanese monarch to stand down in more than 200 years .
20 years after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , a 44 year old man completes the 2016 boston marathon in under 4 hours .
great response to antisemitic vandalism
you know the supertrees of singapore ? a guy called steve is recreating them in chester , uk
prisoners bust out of locked texas cell to help unconscious jailer
hundreds turn out to celebrate lonely brantford , ont . , teen ' s ' un birthday party ' . kaitlin coghlin has williams syndrome , a genetic disorder that can affect brain and physical development
hockey star shares stanley cup with dad who has alzheimers
friends honor artists last wishes with water ballet in a seattle kiddie pool
sesame place has just become world ' s first amusement park designated as certified autism center . " it ' s our goal to provide every family with an enjoyable and memorable visit , and we are proud to offer specialized services to guests with autism and other special needs .
tens of thousands of gold miners in south africa who contracted fatal illnesses while working underground have won a compensation deal from their former employers that could be worth more than 280m .
chance the rapper hosts holiday party to help the homeless
doctor invents pokemon like card game to collect and battle diseases to reward vaccination
chile rejects iron mine to protect penguins
danish policewoman consoles muslim lady after niqab ban and its adorable
how a black man outsmarted a neo nazi group and became their new leader
couple wins free pizza for a year , donates all of it to charity story
drink beer and raise money for vets
blind man and son have emotional moment with the stanley cup
efforts toward sustainable agriculture in gabon showing success
us military funds research into lab grown testicles for wounded soldiers
young man starts " man candles " company; donates 100k+ plus meals to soup kitchens
homeless man who tried to kill himself is now a millionaire businessman
girl scouts rejects $100 , 000 donation in defense of transgender girl scouts . raises over $250 , 000 instead !
meet pigcasso the pig saved from a slaughterhouse became a world famous painter
prison inmates are teaching testy dogs civility . there may be no better place for bite prone animals to receive the constant care they need to break out of their own prisons . the men who train the animals learn responsibility , and acquire a skill they can use outside the prison walls .
nasa , quebec astronaut help 13 year old cancer patient ' s wish come true
army veteran ' s dying wish: call or text me
veteran breaks down in tears when she ' s handed keys to her first mortgage free home
cancer death rates are falling; five year survival rates are rising
bottle found on coast of vancouver island contains note and ashes of " biker bob " .
women in unions have gender pay gaps that are half the size
cubans march to end animal cruelty
$20000 in one hour , kenyans raise funds for bianca during citizen tvs jkl show
manipur man single handedly plants a 300 acre forest saving 250 species of plants .
how this teacher developed a genius way to educate 200 slum children in india , for free .
google hit with 44 million fine for breaching gdpr
expelled from high school for getting married , ohio woman finally graduates . at 93 .
tiger beer , a subsidiary of heineken , has partnered with the world wildlife fund in support of the global tx2 goal , which aims to double the worlds wild tiger population to 6 , 000 by 2022 .
youtube takes ads off ' anti vax ' video channels
girl spends $135 winning scratchie on feeding less fortunate
chewa the lab rat has a great job , good retirement benefits
heroic fishing boat captain leaps into frigid waters off alaska coast to rescue his crew member after capsizing
man goes to his local dog shelter and makes a point of choosing the ' least adoptable ' older dogs . he now has 10 dogs that he looks after .
scottish government calls for ban on shady tipping practices , all tips to go to staff .
work less , get more: new zealand firm ' s four day week an ' unmitigated success '
blind man who ' s scared of dogs is getting a guide horse instead
cafe in bangkok with the cutest employees ever corgis !
sunshine coast ( australia ) boy , 5 , helps save mum ' s life after allergic reaction
portland community prepares kenton village for homeless women to move in
rae carruth ' s prison release nears as son he wanted dead , full of thank yous , turns 18
bryan ware founded the crayon initiative after realising restaurants throws away all the crayons kids leave behind on tables . he collects and melts them to make them thicker and easier to grasp for special needs children and delivers them to hospitals .
former death row prisoner makes custom jewelry for people who went to jail for crimes they did not commit
young local actor helping others through project homeless connect
accidentally buying two lottery tickets pays off for australian man
three killed and one wounded in a shooting in central maine
wind mobile offering free phones , service to syrian refugees ( xpost /r/windmobile /r/canada )
sarah silverman responds to troll by befriending him and paying for his medical treatment
little girl whose grandfather walks to work and losing house , writes letter for help
mexico arrests alleged cartel assassin leader in acapulco
teenager with excruciating skin condition wins pride of britain award
pakistan government arrests 5000 tlp protestors that were rioting in the streets after asia bibi verdict . minister fawad chaudhry said action against extremism and violent protests was necessary . only positive actions will solve the problems . the pti government is resolved to take this steps " .
*update* on safyre she has reportedly received ~18 , 000 cards since friday , more coming this week , donations over $300 , 000 .
albuquerque , nm , started paying the homeless to clean up homeless camps around the city . the participants must work hard and on average five to six hours a day . in return they get $9 an hour plus a lunch of sandwiches , chips and granola bars ( x post /r/til )
north and south korean table tennis teams requested to not play each other in the quarterfinals of the world championships and instead play the semifinals together as one team .
oregon is trying to make medicinal shrooms a real thing
belinda green ' s call to the wild: how a former miss world swapped catwalks for kangaroos
cnn security guard heroically helps distressed son and defuses hostage situation
youtube removes logan paul from top tier google ad platform , youtube red projects on hold polygon
after scientists notified china , the government has found and shut down cfc emitting factories , makes arrests .
texas dps officers told to stop arresting citizens for low level marijuana possession
homeless man rescues children from burning apartment in las vegas
woman sends text to wrong man showcasing herself in an evening gown ends up raising thousands for his son ' s fight against leukemia
chevy truck with racist graffiti erased for free at buffalo collision shop
retirement home seniors knit up a deal on shark tank
the king salman humanitarian aid &amp; relief centre ( ksrelief ) has agreed to provide 900 , 000 liters of fuel to the world food programme ( wfp ) for supply to hospitals in nine governorates of yemen .
boys should be free to wear tutus and tiaras , says church of england guidance for schools urges teachers to let children play with the many cloaks of identity rather than conform to stereotypes .
virginia veteran requests birthday cards for his 100th birthday .
photo of coffee shop workers praying with customer goes viral
scotland will become the first country in the world to embed the teaching of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex rights in the school curriculum , in what campaigners have described as a historic moment
amber alert: 18 month old girl found
marriott banning little shampoo bottles by 2020
siemens tops out on green revenue clean200 list as china leads the way
' it ' s limitless: ' paralyzed toddler moves from homemade wheelchair to treadmill | cbc news
myles garrett ( cleveland brown player ) buys new iphone for man who couldnt afford one
despite efforts to thwart the process , nih says it will retire 255 chimpanzees to sanctuary
wrongfully convicted man to receive $1 . 5 million after 46 years in prison
thousands line up in rain for stem cell test to help child with cancer
rafel nadal stops match so mother can reunite with her lost child
daughter receives fathers message in a bottle 56 years after he put it out to sea
chicagoan offers homeless woman a dollar his last
police officer buys birthday cake ingredients for the desperate mother who stole them
i cried using this site to send my mom something this year . it takes a few minutes but it felt good to write mom a letter
rhino deaths plunge in south africa after anti poaching effort . number of rhinos killed by poachers falls for fifth year .
disney workers approve new contract raising minimum wage
heart surgeon saves crashed biker ' s life with roadside surgery
india crosses 10gw solar power milestone today
dana lewis , who has diabetes built her own artificial pancreas , she used social media , computer skills and mail ordered parts to invent an artificial pancreas for people with diabetes and she is giving away the plans for free
man travels over 300kms to donate blood and help a pregnant woman
fans shower sick children with hundreds of stuffed animals during soccer game
missing girl salem sabatka found safe after ' heroes ' lead texas police to her kidnapper
i remember the americans on board coming to i r land former air hostess ( 79 ) who met her husband on board a flight 60 years ago
british sailors from new aircraft carrier win us fans by fixing their uber driver ' s headlight
the vandal and the mosque: a new chapter of forgiveness in arkansas .
1 , 750 gold star family members get holiday trip to disney world from gary sinise foundation
england debutant lewis ludlam keeps promise to former teacher
repo man tows older couple ' s car , raises money to pay it off
teen ' s random act of kindness for blind and deaf man on airplane goes viral
see how malala is helping refugee girls get an education
justice served : texas man who intentionally swerved into bikers sentenced 15 years in prison
coke &amp; pepsi to end partnership with plastics industry association lobby increasing recycling &amp; reusability goals .
this lifted me today . i hope it lifts you .
good news for otters !
body camera captures officer rescuing north texas family from a fire
prices of 390 anti cancer drugs slashed by up to 87 per cent in india
portuguese soccer star cristiano ronaldo has donated $1 . 5 million to feed the fasting people in the besieged gaza strip , palestine , against the backdrop of the muslim holy month of ramadan .
supreme court blocks trump administration from adding citizenship question to 2020 census
9 year old goalkeeping cheered up by millions after losing game 11 0
special needs schoolgirl wows audience with voice
seabirds treble on lundy after island is declared rat free
dc fans helping bronx schoolchildren see marvel ' s ' black panther '
17 year old to graduate harvard 11 days after graduating high school
britain goes two weeks without burning coal for first time since industrial revolution
amy schumer buys back her family farm for her dad after it was lost due to bankruptcy .
strangers fund life changing surgery for man who got keloids after nick at barbershop
youtube just banned supremacist content , and thousands of channels are about to be removed
glaucoma breakthrough a step towards ' stopping people going blind with age , ' researchers say
amazon to donate instead of destroy
from fast food worker to registered nurse , the story behind the photo
progress
contractors renovate moldy bathroom for free
ignoring anti refugee rhetoric , texans rush to help in resettlement
australian man with ' golden arm ' makes final blood donation at 81 after saving 2 . 4m babies
russian army launches humanitarian op in syria
gay pastor returns to wisconsin church after being outed and ousted: church to publicly apologize
texas prisoners break out of cell to save guard
leading up to the mythbusters finally tonight obama thanks the mythbusters for their serivice
93 year old man eats lunch next to a picture of his late wife every day
woman with down syndrome runs her own successful cookie business after bakers refused to hire her
guardian angel protects homeless man ' s shopping cart after he collapses on the street
martin pistorius: i was trapped in my mind for a decade , now i am going to be a dad .
frontline workers push guinea worm disease to the brink of eradication
black men arrested at philly starbucks settle for $2 and a vow from the city to contribute $200 , 000 in entrepreneur program funding
a newborn endangered gorilla getting all kinds of love and attention at zoo in washington d . c .
ios code stolen: how a trainee stole and spread the secrets of apple
actor edward norton raises money for refugee family featured on humans of new york
lego is running entirely on renewable energy three years ahead of schedule
brendan dassey ' s conviction in halbach homicide overturned
dallas stars help make young hockey fans dream a reality
by 2025 , the eastern us could get 1/3 of its energy from renewables
/newsxpost:teens rescue rcmp officer from flipped police car in pouce coupe
i wrote this article about 20somethings treating their furry babies as starter children !
seattle bans ' subminimum wages ' for people with disabilities
world war two sweethearts to marry after 70 years apart
football team goes bald to support 4th grader battling cancer
british four year old rings 999 to save mother ' s life when she collapsed
cities are letting drivers pay parking fines with holiday food donations albany , lexington , boston &amp; tallahassee are all promoting the giving spirit
trump will preserve obamas order to protect lgbt workers under federal contract
afghan woman shot in face builds new life in canada after us rejection
nearly two decades after saving her life , retired detective special guest at a young woman ' s graduation
secret fortune will send oregon kids to college
rival football teams work together to allow a teenager with cerebral palsy to score a touchdown .
n . c . zoo adds polar bear , zookeepers hoping for love connection
stormfront . org restricts access to donors , shuts down main server . [famous white supremist forum , may be shutting down]
syrian girl thanks jk rowling for sending harry potter books
9 year old boy fighting bone cancer takes first ever helicopter ride to go to treatment . " he absolutely loved it .
john legend puts actions behind his words in the uplifting video for preach
utah officer punches through frozen pond , dives in to rescue 8 year old boy
leave it to beaver star tony dow gets beloved car back 51 years later
umn freshman prevents young womans suicide leap into mississippi river
cop21: carbon emissions ' to stall or even decline ' this year
wisconsin boy swept in sewer sticks finger out of manhole and is saved
women should be allowed to end pregnancy even when there is no risk: bombay hc
hummingbird gets a helping hand
a crack in the shield: ajit pai taking steps to bolster defense against " bad actors " in net neutrality less future .
mexico boosts social mobility by paying children to go to school
two elderly german men escape nursing home to attend metal festival .
billionaire robert f . smith pledges to pay off morehouse college class of 2019s student loans
family takes search for kidney to disneyland
bringing raspberry pi to schools in tanzania
people form human chain to save drowning man in india
england schools teach mindfulness
u . p . zoo founded by disabled vets heals animals , owners
99 year old woman crowned high school homecoming queen
in /r/chicago i made a post about a swastika i saw , after posting it i decided to get rid of it myself a local news site reached out to me about it
suicide prevention hotline looks to extend services for young people
more than 600 divers set world record cleaning up debris from the ocean floor
husband with alzheimer ' s forgets he married wife , so he marries her again
spanish utility giant ibedrola has laid out a plan to build europes largest solar power plant in the country . since becoming minister for the ecological transition almost exactly one year ago teresa ribera has introduced climate legislation aiming to achieve 100% renewables by 2050
florida 20 year old wins $451 million mega millions jackpot: " i ' m only 20 , but i hope to use it to pursue a variety of passions , help my family and do some good for humanity .
an oldie but goodie . navy seal mike monsoon , the hero .
australian experiment wipes out over 80% of disease carrying mosquitoes
teenager who lost everything in a fire spends his last $40 on firefighters
in one year , this woman has picked up 2 tonnes of plastic ocean trash
calgary man rallying for one million smiles opens free store
bavarian biodiversity referendum brings positive outcome for environmentalists almost 1 , 000 , 000 people signed the referendum which could lead to massive changes made to protect the south german state ' s ecosystem . organic farming , hedgerow cutting and riverbank conservation all focused upon .
india is winning its war on human waste
11 year old kid returns a wallet full of cash to a total stranger
world cup: france ' s kylian mbappe , 19 year old phenom , will donate world cup earnings to charity
riley hospital saved her baby , so mom becomes a nurse
life at australia ' s only spanish speaking nursing home inspires new flamenco show
got kidney stones ? ride a roller coaster
young boy with special needs forms heartwarming bond with deaf dog
why tiny belize is a world leader in protecting the ocean | jo griffin | environment
family grateful for dogs rescue after sadie spent three nights on ice at deer creek reservoir
boy sells his toys to pay for treatment of sick service dog who once saved his life
a positive life: how a son survived being injected with hiv by his father
my parents dog passed away and they cancelled their food subscription with chewy . com and they asked why . a week later this showed up and i think chewy deserves recognition for a good deed .
mum retouches treasured photograph for son who lost dad to suicide when he was just four
amarin shares surge nearly 300% after fish oil drug capsule showed benefits to heart patients for first time in history in clinical trial
when a disney cast member found this note from a guest with autism , the magic kingdom did something truly magical
abe nouk was illiterate when he arrived in australia as a refugee . and he still doesnt know how old he is . now an acclaimed spoken word poet and community educator , he talks about his early years as a refugee , the marginalisation of young sudanese men and his fierce love for his adopted country .
hopes raised of ending cervical cancer
hero rail worker drags suicidal woman from path of train in china
illinois becomes 11th state to allow recreational marijuana
viva loss vegas . johnny vegas loses 3 stone of weight
hive with 10 , 000 bees saved after historic downtown charleston tree removed
october books , a not for profit bookstore in southampton , england , was forced to relocate after a rent increase this july . it bought a new site thanks to donations but it needed help to move its books to the new site . around 250 people formed a human chain this sunday and did just that .
4th grader works to make sure no schoolmates birthday is forgotten
no village left untouched: india achieves 100 per cent village electrification
puppy who was saved from abuse is adopted by his rescuer
starbucks opened its third sign language store !
wind and solar farms can make their own weather , including extra rain over the sahara
columbia to be natos first latin american global partner
overwhelmed by tides of waste and decades of mass tourism , to some , the indonesian island of bali is a paradise long lost . this weekend , however , thousands of people will join in an effort to rid its coastline , rivers and jungles of rubbish and restore its natural beauty .
locals overjoyed as beach washed away 30 years ago returns after storm
mark zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his facebook shares , or $45b , to charity during his lifetime
this cop took an 8 year old boy to mcdonalds after no one picked him up from school on his birthday
norway becomes worlds first country to ban deforestation
sweden to reach its 2030 renewable energy target this year
police officer comforts autistic boy who may have been suicidal in heartwarming photo
best buy employees buy wiiu for kid who came in daily to play it
a saudi woman has been appointed as first female head of saudi arabias stock exchange
simon cowell sometimes gets a bad rep but today he donated a huge amount of money to a young boy from my area to help save his life . credit where credit is due !
anonymous good samaritan covers graffiti at mosque . even matching the same paint colour .
community buys grieving family ' s classic car at auction then gives it back .
the versova cleanup then vs now proves one mans efforts can go a long way for our environment
thanks to wet winter , hawaii drought free for first time in 2 years: the heavy rains that ' s fallen over the past few months has watered the driest regions , leaving the entire state drought free for the first time in more than two years .
teen refugee carried this puppy 300 miles to escape syria
couple reunited after a year of back to back deployments
higher education: colleges add cannabis to the curriculum
kenya ' s first lady warns of warns on climate change as she launches initiative to plant 10 , 000 bamboo seedlings . environment cabinet secretary keriako tobiko said kenya needs to plant 500 million trees to achieve president uhuru kenyattas directive of a 10 per cent tree cover by 2022
utah event celebrates transcontinental railroad anniversary
student faced being kicked out until best friend ' s father paid his fees
wichita k . s . black lives matters march turned into a cook out !
stuck behind a highway mudslide , this touring band serenades fellow motorists
young man graduates 1st in his class . he is also missing about 25% of his brain .
good guy e . on
man surprised with 3 life changing christmas gifts
black lives matter protest in wichita changed to cookout with police
campaign led by democrats raised $13 , 000 to rebuild firebombed republican headquarters in north carolina
landers meadow saved by crowdfunding
world ' s tiger count rising for the first time in over a century
former president jimmy carter on kiss cam again at age 94
walmart extends debt free college benefits to 25 , 000 part time and full time high schoolers
swedish inmates opening their own flower shop ( auto translated )
an unbelievable story about how a penniless street artist in delhi met the love of his life , a beautiful swedish girl , and then rode a bicycle to sweden to marry her .
ariana grande made an honorary citizen of manchester
woman ' s kindness towards a ' scary ' man on the skytrain is powerful
the once homeless man bringing web access to the bronx
man saved from hypothermia by police thermal imaging drone
happy froggie lives longer !
house votes to end jail time for being too poor to pay fines
a new global standard for measuring food loss and waste will help countries and companies step up efforts to store , transport and consume food more efficiently . . . around 1/3 of all food , by weight , is spoiled or thrown away . . . costing globally up to $940 billion per year . . . u . n . fao estimates .
indiana bus accident: town rallies around family that lost three kids
a global deal for nature
restauranteur loses landmark restaurant in fire , community offers kitchens so he can continue to charitably feed needy children
keyhole surgery repairs baby spine in womb ( spina bifida )
a suspected big cat poacher has been eaten by lions near the kruger national park in south africa , police say
new law will address gender wage gap by requiring companies to make salary offer based on value to company rather than previous salary
brazilian couple created 1 , 502 acre forest in 20 years , which houses 500+ endangered plant &amp; animal species
pope opens free laundromat for rome ' s poor
cyber security must be open , replaceable
josh meredith ' s small business is helping change community attitudes about down syndrome
the mother of a waffle house shooting survivor got a wedding dress for the waitress who saved her son
san francisco could become the first us city to eliminate new hiv infections
japanese architect i . m . pei ( louvre pyramid , jfk presidential library , rock and roll hall of fame ) turns 100 !
man says losing 80lbs gave him courage to come out to his family and finally find love
stolen texas puppy recovered
note in local restaurant ' s bathroom has neighborhood talking
rare owls and other rare species have found a home near lax and are thriving
dog gives its life protecting an 8 month old during a house fire .
' not in my wildest dreams ' : gay syrian refugee snags spot next to justin trudeau for pride parade in toronto
us company addressing homelessness using recycled shipping containers
man survives cardiac arrest thanks to tree trimmers , srpd cop
charitable woman is given van by thankful community: ' i just started crying '
lance mccullers has a passion for helping animals through pet rescue group
daughter ' s plea draws 50 , 000 birthday cards for us veteran
canada prayed for her , now 30 years on ' miracle baby ' rachelle mainse is back in australia to give thanks born three months premature more than 14 , 000 kilometres from home , doctors told her family her chances of survival were minimal .
whale rescued from fishing net in chile
saudi women allowed to become notaries for first time
fire service introduces pet oxygen masks on all engines
hell yeah !
winnipeg yazidi refugee learns her 12 year old son is alive after rescue from isis
my cat was found after nearly 4 months a true xmas miricle . the week we turned off our facebook ads and gave up he showed up . there ' s a lot more to this story and the synchronicity surrounding it i can answer more about later .
vietnam wins first ever olympic gold medal at rio 2016
magic mushrooms ' promising ' in depression
edward snowden on malkia cyril , a multigenerational black rights activist on the front lines of the surveillance wars
india cuts price of essential medicines by 55%
my story: my wife found peace in my arms &amp;amp; not the doctor ' s; just as she wanted
americans gave $410 . 02 billion to charity in 2017 , crossing the $400 billion mark for the first time
dementia mum ' comes alive ' in singing classes

vacaville police race to rescue shelter animals from wildfire
the bloggess puts on her 6th annual saint james garfield miracle and saves christmas for hundreds of kids !
tom mackay , 28 year old borderline alcoholic , walks nearly 1000 miles and fights king cobra to save hundreds of australian lives , raises 13000$ in the process .
kittens mysteriously trapped in wall rescued by kind sheriff ' s deputy
puppies thrown from car window get adopted by a dog mamma who just lost her own children
the cemetery angel: in 1984 , ruth coker burks took it upon herself to care for a dying aids patient abandoned by his family . hundreds more would follow .
ayesha , get your learn on girl ! : taylor swift sends mississauga woman $6 , 386 . 47 to pay her university tuition
an egyptian organization that manufactures products for the disabled has opened a workshop to make prosthetic limbs for the poor , staffed by workers with disabilities who would otherwise struggle to earn a wage .
nigerian bmx fan overjoyed by bike sent in post
' for me , this is paradise ' : life in the spanish city that banned cars
republican congressman introduces bill to make net neutrality law
the humane society of greater dayton had something to celebrate thursday . the organization is excited to say the number of animals saved and put into new homes has increased in 2017 .
bees ravaged by ' collapse disorder ' are making a comeback
someone ' s just launched a cannabis treatment for dogs to calm stressed pups
bank of america is raising its minimum wage for employees to $20 an hour
cat found with acid burns on face finds home: ' half of his face was melted '
illinois approves nonbinary state id documents , but gender neutral option might not be available for years
homeless man returns $10 , 000 check to woman who lost it
marijuana company buys entire california town and plans to turn it into ' pot paradise '
southern right whales are having a baby boom and a rare white calf was caught on camera .
wild seals find ideal winter resting spot in virginia beach
couple who tortured 12 of their children jailed for life
monrovia fire &amp; rescue commends williams courage , quick action and calm demeanor in the face of trauma . his actions led to a rapid resolution of his moms life threatening situation . william is commended for stepping up for his life saving actions and being a family hero .
camp sundown " gives kids who are allergic to sunlight a safe place to have fun
new ferguson police chief recalls being singled out by cops as an african american youth [and talks about his new community policing initiative now in the city]
heres what happens after special needs player takes final shot in front of packed home gym
there were greater increases in colon cancer screening rates in states that expanded medicaid than in those that did not , a new study finds . the affordable care act let states expand medicaid insurance coverage to low income adults , who tend to have poor access to preventive health services .
bikes donated at cny family bicycle giveaway go to kids in need
see the story behind viral photo of toddler , soccer player with limb differences it was this instant bond we cant begin to understand .
family happier than ever living in bus , traveling us , after leaving corporate america
behrouz boochani: detained asylum seeker wins australia ' s richest literary prize
world health organization declares sri lanka malaria free
the kindest stranger buys widowed mum of five a house for christmas
colorado adopts california emissions standards
how coding is helping young people in the gaza strip find work
nigerian women ' s bobsled team make history in pyeongchang
robotic suit helps kids with cerebral palsy walk tall
a terminally ill woman duped out of her savings by a " cowboy " construction worker says she is " overwhelmed " after another tradesman repaired her house for free
florida woman rescued after slipping note to veterinarian saying boyfriend was holding her captive , cops say
afroz shah gives mithi river a new life , manages to clear 1 . 25 km stretch in mithi of plastic waste . | a slum colony near vihar lake , from where mithi originates , has stopped dumping plastic into the river
virginia woman donates kidney to stranger: ' god called me to do this '
raining money !
today marks the first day that puerto rico plays its anthem in any olympics , thanks to monica puig
irish parliament supports historic fossil fuel divestment bill
12 year old boy stands up to 11 , 000 anti gay protesters , saying he " hates that people hate
magical ' mushroom mix to boost regrowth of lost scottish forests: the return of the great caledonian forest that once covered much of scotlands highlands is being boosted with a special mix of mushroom spores that should help saplings survive better on the hills .
in north carolina , hog waste is becoming a streamlined fuel source
subaru to host animal shelter supply drives through the month of october
hs students made a plan to protect a disabled teacher in the event of a shooting
indiana state trooper surprises stranded family with christmas shopping spree
man gives free uber rides to ' give back to society '
woman who was ' poster girl ' for meth addiction dies at 55 , having turned life around
i think its an important time in mexico us relations , and i think its an important time to reach out and sort of hold hands , " said consul general viginia staab . " we are so much stronger working together .
recycled pipes to detect solar storms
' i opened it up and that baby just looked me right in the eyes . ' newborn baby placed inside safe haven baby box at fire station
deputy , community save cat who was stuck in garage door
saudi men removed for protesting against womans poem
man illegally paints temporary mural on bridge , former graffiti removalist likes it so much he makes it permanent , man returns to wash it off , hilarity ensues
florence welch gives cancer patient private performance after she was too sick to attend show .
thailand elects first transgender member of parliament
drones deliver blood and medical supplies in rwanda .
bangladeshi girl from a small village who was born with three legs and almost no chance of surviving gets a new lease on life after successful surgery in australia . she can now walk and run and should live a long healthy life !
preemie quads are finally all home and together again !
55 year old joe thomas sr . just carried the ball in an actual division i football game
iraqi refugee and macedonian border guard marry after falling in love at muddy border crossing | the country ' s border forces are known for their hard line attitude to asylum seekers
dad who lunged at larry nassar donating gofundme earnings to help sexual abuse survivors
utah bus driver braids hair of 11 year old girl who lost mother to illness
penguin bloom: how a scruffy magpie saved a family
iowa high school class beats 1 in 177 million odds: all alive six decades after graduation .
animal cruelty: uk government to introduce tougher punishments
luna , the horse , delivers books in indonesian village
more than 50 cats adopted in 24 hours after city put out urgent call
veteran donates everything in his home to firefighters affected by california wildfires
14 year old boy rescues kitten; wonderful story with a wonderful ending !
service dog that went missing after veterans car was stolen found safely
nevada is the 2nd state to ban cosmetics that test on animals
more than half of adults in uk , ( &amp; 71% of 18 25 ) are non religious bbc news
woman ' s blindness apparently reversed by stem cell treatment
texas man helps out by metal detecting missing items lost from tornadoes
portlands immigrant community rallies to welcome new asylum seekers
bracelet lost decades ago returned thanks to speedy social media sleuthing .
nova scotian returns wallet found in newfoundland with $1 , 000 in cash , refuses to keep money as reward
new wheelchair lift . literally uplifting news .
the right way to poop
china to build massive $1 . 5 billion panda conservation area
teacher helps build playground where every child can play
north korea frees three us detainees ahead of trump summit
lady that collects emptys at east vancouver skatepark turned 75 . skaters throw her a party .
hero dog who ' stopped mother from drowning her son ' saved from being put down by petition
georgia puppy mill operator arrested after 700 dogs are rescued
africa is on the verge of being declared polio free
whoopi goldberg surprises a group of harlem nuns with a donation of a new van , a year ' s worth gas and $10 , 000 to go towards their order ' s charities
muslim american group puts up hey isis , you suck ! billboard
a chicago animal shelter has setup a program to adopt feral cats to hunt rats , and there ' s now a 30 day waitlist for the previously unadoptable pets .
engineer saves stroke victim who fell onto subway tracks
clearwater police find stolen doughnut van , share treats with homeless
tim tebow is planning 375 proms for people with special needs on valentine ' s day weekend
hero german shepherd takes bullet for teenager in home invasion
look: man leaves note to neighbors who rushed to help during medical emergency
mikey brannigan becomes first american runner with autism to win paralympic 1500 meter gold
scientists a step closer to saving northern white rhino from extinction
house democrats introduce bill to require two years of debt free college across the us
brothers give homeless people lunch bags filled with food , inspirational notes: ' we ' re making a change '
36 year old accountant forced into nhl goal crease , plays 14 perfect minutes
what i learned while traveling through asia with a limbless man
turmeric forskolin is a supplement that has increasingly become popular especially among medical professionals in the weight loss industry . according to knowledgeable and experienced experts in the weight loss industry .
wwe ' s mark henry spent father ' s day giving haircuts to the homeless
boy battling cancer for the second time is made honorary navy seal
cure for hpv found by researchers in mexico
mumbai woman visits same atm everyday for 17 days , catches man who duped her
3d printed ultrasound lets blind mother " see " unborn baby ( x post from /r/mostbeautiful )
children at israeli kibbutz near gaza border fly kites of peace and love
woman adopts new kitten ' s sister after he cries nonstop
father chistmas uses sign language , makes child ' s day .
pakistan makes landmark ruling against man for second marriage the express tribune
six baby ducks rescued from storm drain reported to be doing well
boy with special needs and a service dog rescued from fighting help each other overcome obstacles
veterans to walk 92 miles to raise awareness about suicide
world war ii veteran gets more than 100 , 000 birthday cards after daughters plea
dying mans last wish was an ice cream sundae so medics took him to mcdonalds [queensland australia]
pay off those library fines with food donations
22 million trees planted in scotland to help meet ' global climate emergency '
muslim in alabama puts his blind trust in the goodness of people
' i baked cupcakes to fund my pilot lessons '
teen delivers hundreds of solar lamps to puerto ricans without power
this vending machine prints short stories for french commuters
78 year old ex england rugby player chases off masked intruders by throwing hot tea at them
how one woman is changing our approach to the disappearing elephant
indias forest and tree cover rises 1% ( by 8 , 021 sq . km ) since 2015
groom leaps into action during wedding shoot to save drowning boy
chopped junior champ to spend winnings helping richmonds homeless
world war ii ford gpa , which was deployed on normandy beach , delivers food to stranded chennai flood victims .
mastercard ruling: almost every uk adult could receive payout
softball star ' s mom is so sick she has to watch games from her car , but their bond grows stronger
george clooney gifted $1 million each to his 14 friends to thank them for helping him when he moved to los angeles . also paid their taxes so that they can take the entire $1 million
90 , 000 mosques in turkey raise money for yemenis
yuki kawauchi just became the first amateur runner to win the boston marathon in decades . a high school administrator , he ' s known as the " citizen runner " in japan , and he has to go back to work tomorrow .
boulder usps mailman donates ramp to old dog on mail route
when alexandria ocasio cortez met greta thunberg: ' hope is contagious ' | environment
rare butterfly returns after 52 year absence
' angels ' protect orlando funeral from anti gay westboro protesters
my dad just just rescued a man who crashed and ended up in an icy river last night .
be thankful in the new year gratefulness doesnt just make people feel good . it has motivational power .
india plans world ' s largest solar wind hybrid power project
' items of interest ' found in search for kristin smart , student missing since 1996
a 78 year old vietnam veteran ( purple heart recipient ) that was drafted before he could graduate finally graduates from high school and walks with the current class to receive his diploma
92 year old runner ready for rematch after race with 99 year old draws attention
the republic of congo has officially created its fifth national park , lending protection to great apes , forest elephants and other threatened wildlife .
billy the dog freed after 6 days stucked in underground tunnel . officials wanted to stop the rescue because it was too dangerous , but volunteers showed up and saved the dog . [pict and video of the rescue]
stephen schwarzman startled educators gathered at the annual american association of school administrators conference today when he announced that he was giving his public high school in suburban philadelphia a gift of $25 million .
unfathomable: more than 1 , 200 law professors sign letter opposing kavanaughs confirmation
pakistan election: imran khan claims victory amid rigging claims .
sounds great !
california police chief buys car for homeless family
in the monroe area in tn , thanks to a $20k donation a local boys and girls club will be able to keep helping kids !
media advisory: reps . gabbard and jones to hold bipartisan press conference on resolution to end presidential wars
rolls royce made a new bespoke model car for children to drive to their surgeries
kochi metro works to bridge transgender gap the hindu
retired teacher found some seahorses off of long beach , builds a secret underwater world for them called " littleville
' hate has no place here ' : 10 , 000 rally in kassel against far right violence
officer buys groceries for 91 year old woman who had wallet stolen at publix
lyft will give drivers a one time cash bonus up to $10k
investing in africas youth can end extreme poverty , says melinda and bill gates
toddler saves dad from diabetic coma
nobody showed up to this boys 6th birthday party so the phoenix suns are giving him a vip treatment .
dead stuntmans family receives $740 , 000 donation from jet li
new jersey governor to sign " aid in dying " bill for terminally ill patients
research on major facts and treatment of tuberculosis
in bosnia , a boy fights for inclusion
ratko mladic convicted of genocide and war crimes at un tribunal
robot helps 14 year old football fan live his ' dream '
university student who went missing at christmas is safe , police say
stolen labrador guide dog is returned by gang with apology note
concerned boy calls 911 , reports grinch stealing christmas
man begins cross country walk for veterans
renewable energy now accounts for a third of all global power capacity
in reversal , boston st . patricks day parade welcomes gay veterans group
first us ' microcollege ' helps single moms become liberal arts graduates
scientists open the black box of schizophrenia with dramatic genetic discovery
fridge full of beer magically appears in flooded field just as tired guys pass by
jews , christians , muslims donate food to families for ramadan in marrakech , morocco
woman pulled from burning car calls officer her angel
make this vancouver boy with kabuki syndrome ' s christmas by sending him a card ,
hurricane florence: u haul offering 30 days free self storage for those in path of florence
brazil backtracks on plan to open up amazon forest to mining | environment
certainly a mighty king
indonesian teenager survives 49 days adrift at sea in fishing hut
texas couple gets engaged at garth brooks concert , brooks offers to pay for honeymoon
smokers and problem drinkers who are admitted to hospital in england will be given help to quit or cut down , to reduce demands on the health service .
yemeni doctor becomes first ever winner of women ' s medical prize
keralas kozhikode gets indias first grievance cell for the queer community
scottish jews finally have their own tartan after a 300 year wait
world cancer day 2017: effective cure will happen in five to 10 years , says leading expert
paralysed people could walk again instantly after scientists prove brain implant works in primates
clayton middle school donates to homeless
the best gifts for children with special needs , according to an expert
chinese cops save 500 stolen pet cats from ending up on dinner tables
peter mayhew and wife invite family of daniel fleetwood to spend christmas with them
the oldest living pearl harbor veteran turns 105
' amazing ' emergency services work through night at grenfell tower fire
14 billionaires join bill gates , warren buffet to give half their money
india has come one step closer for achieving an unlimited source of energy . by commissioning nuclear fast breeder reactor at kalpakkam it has found use for its vast reserves of thorium .
nypd to pursue charges against 9 members of far right group proud boys for violent brawl
15 year old louisville boy buys meal for homeless woman: ' i couldn ' t just walk by '
97 year old ww2 vet finally received diploma after 81 years
officer gives firefighter apology cake: sorry i tased you
uk ' s pledge to ban single use plastics includes wet wipes
thailand: a great development success , reducing poverty and increasing education and healthcare
f . d . a . panel recommends approval for gene altering leukemia treatment
good samaritan gives homeless man shirt off his back
a female baby southern resident killer whale has been born . this is good news since only 76 such whales are left
teen siblings raise nearly $110 , 000 to fight hunger in washington state
federal court awards california woman $6 . 45 million in revenge porn lawsuit
mcdonald ' s customers share act of kindness 167 times
utah teen gives chocolates to all 537 girls in school
thieves stole $9 from a girl ' s lemonade stand for charity . police and neighbors rallied to give her more than $300
foreign purchases of american homes plunge 36% as chinese buyers flee the market
ariana grande to get 1st honorary citizenship of manchester due to contributions &amp; organisation of one love manchester
neurologists report 4 rituals to improve happiness: 1 . gratitude , 2 . label emotions , 3 . make decisions , 4 . hug
this driver mortgaged his own auto to save passenger from cardiac arrest
for 7th consecutive year , visa overstays exceeded illegal border crossings
robotic glove invented by nus researchers helps patients restore hand movements
photographer ' overwhelmed ' by response to bald eagle picture
colorblind artist breaks down in tears as he gets to see color for the first time on his 35th birthday
baby ' born twice ' after miracle surgery in us
india set to outlaw six single use plastic products on october 2
south africa declares menstrual products tax free
las cruces girl surprised with money for new hair piece
american muslim youth group sprang into action to help harvey victims in houston
north korea ' s nuclear test site will close in may , the south korean president ' s office has said .
canada is extending paid parental leave to 18 months
a boston hospital promotes patient health with its own rooftop farm
george clooney rescues disabled dog waiting over a year for adoption
cane bay drama teacher meets anonymous kidney donor in high school musical worthy finale
my grandparents just celebrated their 78th wedding anniversary !
manchester sikh temples offer food and shelter to people affected by terror attack
islamic centre of ireland issues a fatwa against female genital mutilation .
a guy i know is biking from prince edward island , canada to comic con in san diego to raise money for literacy programs . he ' s an amazing human being and really deserves to have a successful donation drive . you should donate !
divers in chile untangle humpback whale from fishing line
video: police officers go the distance to reunite family with dog
girl , 8 , found safe after being kidnapped while walking with her mom
almost 90% of new power in europe from renewable sources in 2016
local clergy teams with the humane society to give pets and animals blessings in a park
african teen builds windmills from junk and supplies his village with electricity
estonia to become the worlds first free public transport nation
u . s . bank becomes first major bank to stop financing pipeline construction
austin businesses move away from single use plastic straws
there ' s hope: fewer teens are doing drugs than ever before
ee father who used to sell pens on the streets of beirut now owns 3 businesses
meet the interabled youtuber couples teaching viewers that people with disabilities need love , sex , and intimacy like anyone else
a man born with severe disabilities after his mother was raped by her father has won the right to claim compensation
its now illegal to declaw a cat in denver
the coal cost crossover: economic viability of existing coal compared to new local wind and solar resources
the short history of global living conditions and why it matters that we know it
' today , my brother became my hero '
swipe: helping blind people to ' read again ' '
this entrepreneur created 30 , 000 jobs and revitalized blighted neighborhoods in washington dc
heroic uk dog alerts owner to puppies abandoned in recycling bin
six year old girl saves dad ' s life after he suffers stroke at 32
google wants to help people suffering from ' negative news fatigue ' business insider
total shootings in detroit fall below 1 , 000 for the first time
fda may soon allow mdma prescriptions for ptsd
family gets one last goodbye thanks to emergency personnel
jacksonville ' s 1st dog cafe helps canines find furever ' homes
cny students help disabled , abused puppy by building her a ' chariot '
architects for animals: 13 designer cat houses auctioned for feline charity
food drop program puts truckers with rejected loads in contact with indiana food banks
former marine , green beret seeks asylum for iraqi man who saved his life
stan lee is released from hospital and is doing fine ! ! !
locals buy out donut shops inventory everyday so owner can leave early to be with dying wife .
grade a under a exposed ! ! !
girl from my hometown painted over all the graffiti on a local fish shop in rhode island
a tennessee veteran who lost his leg after an ied explosion found a new best friend after adopting a dog with a missing leg .
japanese company finds the purr fect solution to counter employee stress at workplace
this young lady i coach and her siblings will be on shark tank this weekend honoring their late fathers dream !
finnish parliament began the process to update a law: " bully should change the school , not the bullied
poll: 60 percent disapprove of trump , while clear majorities back mueller and sessions
jewish muslim girls are ' juslim ' internet superheroes
florence welch , from florence + the machine gives private concert to girl at texas hospice
mothers of children with down syndrome create moving ' carpool karaoke ' lip sync video
there is hope after all ! roy moore loses election ! !
man goes out of his way to rescue cat which fell into abandoned building
the tiger population in nepal has nearly doubled since 2009 because conservation efforts work: nepal is one of 13 tiger range countries striving to double the worlds tiger population by 2022 .
world moves closer to eradicating guinea worm disease the incapacitating disease three decades ago affected more than 3 million people in 21 countries in africa and asia . the 1m worm incubates in people for up to a year before painfully emerging , often through extremely sensitive parts of the body .
an 81 year old man has ' retired ' after 1 , 173 blood donations that saved 2 . 4 million babies here ' s why his blood is so special
this ice making submarine would pop out bergs to help fight climate change
a fisherman jumped on a whale ' s back to cut it free from entangling ropes .
couple donates $1 million toward wsu cancer research lab
the united states just quietly switched on 179 megawatts of solar power generators in nevada
michigan football just signed its best recruit yet !
paw and order: watch judge judy let little dog loose in courtroom to choose his real owner
the world ' s poorest people are getting richer faster .
$17 , 050 found in coat donated to dallas non profit , returned to owner , an elderly widow .
scotland is the first country in the world to include teaching of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex rights into its state schools curriculum .
big heart foundation donates $700 , 000 to school in pakistan
therapy dogs bring comfort to sutherland springs
stray dog shows up to bachelor party , gets herself and her puppies adopted .
tortoise taken by bin men found after thermal camera search bbc news
goya foods donated 10 , 000 pounds of food to catholic charities in recognition of the dominican day parade in new york
inmates break out of cell to save guard who suffered possible heart attack
harvey and irma , married 75 years , marvel at the storms bearing their names
mdma therapy gaining popularity as ptsd treatment
school janitor gives out clothes , soap , and more to homeless student from her " care closet
petition launched to stop forcible hair dyeing from natural color to black in schools
5th grader treats his teachers to dinner before moving onto middle school
girl with 3d printed hand throws first pitch at giants game
tax money from marijuana sales are helping students pay for college in colorado
egypt ' s all woman roller derby team is skating past stereotypes
protesters prevent cats ' eviction from china museum
kids gave up their christmas so dad could bike across florida for charity
illinois trooper killed in crash intentionally put his vehicle between wrong way driver and others to save them , witness says
norway ' s kon tiki museum agrees to return easter island items
millionaires: raise our taxes to address poverty , fix roads
sikhs to plant one million trees to celebrate 550th birthday of guru nanak .
interesting uplifting story from my small little town in england
lostgeneration subreddit offers hope to millennials that their plight has not gone unnoticed , after it breaks 50k subscribers and begins trending .
6 boys carrying a casket at a funeral said 5 words that are going viral . and it ' s not hard to see why
our turn to help: lac megantic raises donations for fort mcmurray
natasha obama gets a summer job working at a seafood restaurant
saudi arabia lifts ban from women driving .
my sister started a clothing line that uses mirrors to promote positive self image in girls , and the local news did a story on it ! so cool !
reported room fire; two cats saved . / mulheim in germany
mcdonald ' s worker praised for paying for customer ' s meal after she forgot her wallet
same sex couples in costa rica will have the right to get married by mid 2020 , the nations constitutional court has ruled , a first for socially conservative central america .
firefighter eating at restaurant notices carbon monoxide symptoms , saves 32 people
southern indiana grandfather serves as best man at grandson ' s wedding
redding artist sue crowe talks about painting pet portraits for shelter dogs
grandma helps out stranded dad and his newborn
twin cities motorcycle club donates handcycle bike for disabled child
schindler ' s list factory to be turned into holocaust memorial
long overdue in australian politics
waiter received $500 tip after his random act of kindness
newborn left blissed out by first shampoo hair wash
revived by fish slushy diet , sickened tacoma sea gulls take flight
terminally ill fan appears as england mascot with his idol jermain defoe .
a glimmer of hope in afghanistan as msf opens clinic two years after hospital bombing
goodeed allows users to watch advertisements from its websites sponsors in exchange for a donation of their choice . users can either donate meals , vaccines , or trees or a combination of any of the three .
this grandpa learned to knit at 86 so he could make caps for preemies
we are gma: georgia woman saves 23 lives by connecting kidney donors to those in need
dying mum ' s letter returned to daughter after bookshop find
from entry level hire to vice president at mtv
storm chasers and spotters around the world unite to create a virtual tribute to the late bill paxton
college student rodney smith jr . starts free lawn service for elderly
local organization builds , donates bikes to underprivileged children before christmas
stranger buys $750 plane ticket for distraught fathers child
cute leopard cubs reunited with their mother in western india
brazil , which during the 90 ' s cut down an " el salvador sized " piece of rainforest every year , has reduced its deforestation 70% between 2005 and 2013
' i have no thought of escaping ' : inside the brazilian prisons with no guards
horses scramble through raging floodwaters to safety in south canterbury
mtv scraps gender specific categories for movie and tv awards | film
video: police officer praised after keeping gun holstered as two vicious dogs charge
yeah ! i wanna pee outside without getting in trouble . and the superior court says i can ( sort of ) !
12 year old girl outsmarts carjacker and saves little sister
lady donates her kidney to her mom as christmas gift
two years after it was launched , the worlds first solar cooperative has transformed gujarats dhundi village
' the cat nobody wanted ' gets adopted after heart wrenching video on facebook
at the waffle house , she cut up a customers food for him . it changed her life .
chinese shopping centre replaces escalator with 16m tall slide
world heritage body unesco has removed the belize barrier reef from its list of endangered world heritage sites; saying the government of the central american country had taken " visionary " steps to preserve it . the reef is the second largest in the world after australia ' s great barrier reef .
bears and wolves together in uk woods for first time in 1000 years .
robin hood restaurant charges the rich to feed homeless
google praises grandmother for polite searches
dale dunn aids pet owners who cant afford emergency operations .
bill and melinda gates ' annual letter , describing progress made in making the lives of the poorest better .
stephen colbert funds 1 , 000 projects for south carolina teachers ( ~$800 , 000 )
the lynx is known to be one of the most elusive animals to see in the wild , but not this one ! look at how relaxed it is as it watches the construction of a road being built in southern taiga , russia . after lying on a fallen tree trunk for 20 minutes , it quietly returned back to the forest . amazing !
vegas strip club to raiders free lap dances &amp; limo rides forever . . . if the team moves
new study says taking more smiling selfies increases happiness
belize , home of the largest barrier reef in the western hemisphere , has permanently suspended oil operations in its ocean waters .
san francisco nonprofit lets homeless people record video messages to long lost relatives , and it ' s getting them off the streets .
listen to music composed to calm stressed out shelter dogs
my most unpopular idea: be nice to trump voters
adorable plea from 5 year old boy to find home for deaf dog . and yay on mom for setting a good example . [2:37]
sisterhood of the hijab: fort mcmurray women show solidarity with local muslim community edmonton
she needed help to go to college , so her mom went too
australian retail union starts ad campaign to stop abuse of fast food and retail workers
refugees tearfully reunited with lost cat
suspected rhino poachers eaten by lions
an all woman crew will be rowing from hawaii to california this summer in the name of climate change .
shelter groups rescue 630 dogs stacked in crates at georgia home
the canadian who spent c$1 . 5m to rescue more than 200 syrian refugees
epic crowds line up to adopt free pets from california animal shelter
chinese artist makes dead leaves live forever through unique carving skill
japanese women who fought for diversity in clothing , made brands for those with extreme bust sizes
' meant to be together ' : couple celebrates 80 years of marriage
carpenter leaves $3m fortune after death to put 33 people he didn ' t know through college
messaging app telegram moves to protect identity of hong kong protesters
[nadkarni] biyombo has invested his wealth to build a better future in the congo . from creating scholarships for kids to attend high school , to refurbishing hospitals , all the way to opening his first high school this summer , he is determined to change the biggest misconceptions about his homeland .
bill protecting sharks and all rays moves forward
detroit install 65 , 000 new streetlights , signaling a new era for the city ' s rejuvenation
a mexican scientist has cured hpv after 20 years of painstaking research
pigs rescued from fire , firefighters thanked with delicious free meat
a perfect fit: wounded veteran accepts challenge of media campaign for jockey
seaworld are finally ending orca breeding .
this guy takes light to the darkest places
katy perry visits sick fan who missed concert because of brain surgery
a northland woman , home alone , was terrified to hear footsteps . . . but it turned out to be a kiwi bird !
it is often stated that 50% of academic papers go unread by anyone save the author , editor and reviewers . happily for the many authors of academic papers , it turns out that if this statistic has any basis in reality , this author cannot find it .
health canada mandates warning sticker for all prescription opioids: it is the first time ottawa has issued regulations requiring a warning sticker and a patient handout for a medicine dispensed by a pharmacy . opioids can cause dependence , addiction and overdose .
airbnb offering free rooms during hurricane matthew ( but they need more hosts )
watch the moment a young perth couple find out theyve won $200 , 000
' holy grail of cancer research ' : doctors positive about early detection blood test a blood test for 10 different types of cancers could one day help doctors screen for the disease before patients show symptoms , researchers at the worlds largest gathering of oncologists have said .
this 11 year old girl has designed and made several prosthetics for her arm including one that shoots glitter
salt lake city school named after andrew jackson changed to mary w . jackson , nasa female pioneer
shoulder to shoulder , strangers came to the rescue of a suicidal woman in st . paul
creating open data on the plastic pollution caused by the products of handful of global corporations generates cryptocurrency littercoin
service dog wakes owner , both able to get out safely from house fire
japanese singer on delayed plane sings hit song to ease passengers ' irritation , gets cheers and applause
stepdad sold his favorite car to pay for the wedding . years later his daughter surprises him with the same car .
adidas sold 1 million eco friendly shoes made from ocean plastic , plans 11 million more
/r/upliftingnews hits 5 million subscribers
california officially calling off drought status .
mizoram boy mistakenly runs over chicken with cycle , takes it to hospital with all money he had
hampton police officer dresses up as santa to deliver gifts to a single military dad and his small children .
westjet airlines and its employees are doing 12 , 000 mini miracles today ! from free flights to cookies , keep a lookout for blue santa hats !
olivia de havilland at 100 still crazy after all these years !
' i ' ll sort you out ' perth man pays for homeless kiwi ' s flight after she recently reconnected with family in new zealand
911 callers say jayme closs should get $50k reward for rescuing herself
students at binghamton university build a prosthetic hand for dining services employee
watch: nc police replace boy ' s stolen playstation with their own money
ali vayeghan was deported under trumps executive order . now hes back in the u . s .
two teenage boys were rescued by a brand new lifesaving drone in australia while lifeguards were still training to use it . after being spotted struggling in heavy surf 700m ( 2 , 300ft ) offshore , lifesavers sent the drone to drop an inflatable rescue pod , and the pair made their way safely to shore .
dog survives 10 days lost in the snow as it was ' too deaf to hear search parties ' .
this is ginny wegener . shes 95 years old and competes in dressage competitions with her horse who is 27 years old .
suffolk husband gives his wife a kidney for their 20th wedding anniversary
1 . 5 million volunteers plant 66 million trees in 12 hours , breaking guinness world record
autistic youtuber who was attacked yesterday now has 50 , 000 subscribers
over $2 million fundraised in just 4 days to save a child
france and the uk top wwf list of countries for low carbon policies le wwf classe la france , 1er pays en ue pour sa strategie bas carbone
david koch , billionaire conservative activist and philanthropist , dies at 79
' i think about the future in a way i didn ' t before ' : 17 year old celebrates amazing 100lb weight loss
germany ' s rwe says it won ' t invest in new coal power plants | the china post
kittens rescued from fire by photographer
ebola drugs trial shows 90% survival rate
moose set loose: canada snowmobilers rescue animal buried in snow after seeing a bull mooses head protruding from 6ft of snow , a group grabbed their shovels and dug him out while taking care to avoid a thrashing
5 year old girl , youngest to make national spelling bee
grade 8 science teacher revolutionizes classroom by making it a year long rpg
meet the great dane that gave birth to 19 puppies
algerian ' forgotten hero ' of bataclan massacre who returned several times to besieged concert hall to save music fans has been awarded french citizenship
baby girl born mid air on pakistan international airlines flight
u . s . senate votes 93 6 to stop airlines removing passengers from overbooked planes , directs faa to set minimum seat sizes
' he ' s our little life saver ' : woman on dog that led to her fallen stepdad
ten years ago , the " missouri miracle " occurred . two abducted boys found alive at the same apartment in st . louis , mo .
trump ' s ' hatred ' of sharks sees spike in donations to conservation charities .
new york man accused of raping 11 year old claims girl got pregnant from his clothing
philly photographer offers free graduation pictures for students who can ' t afford them
fathers desperate plea prompts lifetime supply of cups for uk boy with autism
michigan firefighters rescue dog that fell through thin ice
gulabi gang is a women led local initiative in india , fighting for equality in bright pink saris
woman raises 80 , 000 for homeless man who bought her petrol with his last 15
supreme court lifts sabarimala temple ban on women of menstruating age
auburn senior looking for cure for disease that took her brother ' s life
authorities repair potholes thanks to local hero defacing them
after losing out on federal grant , city raises hundreds of thousands of dollars for homeless shelter
penguins fan gives extra ticket to homeless man
couple turn mistaken letters to santa claus into miracle on 22nd street
cat rescued by turkish soldier in syria finds new home in istanbul bookstore
toronto hospital renamed after 13 year old who died of cancer after $50m donation in his memory
lionsgate founder ' s foundation donates $400 , 000 for puerto rico disaster relief
google ' s charitable arm donates $1 . 5m to cps , chance the rapper ' s foundation
uw professors hold after sunset finals for muslims fasting during ramadan
after four months without power , a puerto rico town strings its own lines
rome to ban diesel cars to combat air pollution by 2024: pollution is damaging the thousands of historic objects that are around the city .
good samaritan helps disabled combat veteran , family
students save bus driver during medical emergency; surprises them in emotional reunion
brazil teacher changes hairstyle to support bullied girl
a kid walked into a gamestop wearing a kaepernick jersey . two nfl players bought him an xbox .
seymour middle school honored for work with veterans
strangers buy car for man who walks 3 miles to work every day
asl interpreters visualize noise for deaf fans at lollapalooza and beyond
western michigan , usc teamed to get blind snapper jake olson in game
hundreds of homemade food businesses flourish under state food freedom laws
scientists observe first signs of healing in the antarctic ozone layer
for the first time in 100 years , tiger numbers are growing
volunteer firefighter credited with stopping south carolina school shooter
service dog stars as toto in wizard of oz production
student gets sweet revenge after hungry kit kat thief strikes
tim tebow take picture with autistic fan , proceeds to hit a home run in next at bat
man holds umbrella for deputy during procession .
german police deliver pizza after courier crashes car
shaq surprises dog attack victim .
american deli manager fulfills mother ' s dying wish by feeding hundreds of people from her former village in the dominican republic
horse rescued from floodwaters and given shelter inside home
craigslist ad brings together dying oakland man , kidney donor
in his death , tenn . boy saves illinois toddler . 2 year old william heard was kept alive so his organs could be donated after he choked on food in mid december and never regained consciousness . his heart was given to an 18 months little girl , to save her life .
tulsa glassblowing school therapeutic for veterans with ptsd
rochdale a . f . c name five year old fan suffering from a brain tumour in their official match day squad for tonight ' s fixture
this food truck lets customers pay what they can
the city that put learning centers where people live
a dying australian woman said she wanted to see the ocean one last time , so the ambulance made a detour
hummus to the rescue: a mother made a middle eastern feast for her fifth grade son ' s class so they won ' t make fun of his lunch
5 men rescued from 120 foot deep cave in virginia
businessman to donate $50m for new children ' s hospital
owner of a california fish market purchases giant octopus; sets it free
a women saves a nigerian boy who is abandoned by his parents ! heart touching .
police officer praised for not shooting kids holding toy gun
the aggie network in action ( how a parent sought help from nike to get shoes for their child with cerebral palsy )
ikea opens its doors to help protect stray dogs from the rain
from august this year , a colorado school district will transition from 5 day weeks to 4 day weeks , which means no more mondays .
carter suspends pentagonas demand of the return of cash bonuses to california soldiers
free tuition at california community colleges
a girl took a heart shaped rock from a national park . then she felt guilty , and she sent it back .
it ' s past time we choose the best of 2016
coast guard rescues boatload of beagles from florence flooding
construction worker hides a giant waldo from where ' s waldo every day for kids outside a children ' s hospital , so they can play from their windows .
man wins casino buffet for two , invites homeless man to join him
' milestone ' ovarian cancer drug which can extend life expectancy licensed for use in the uk: once a day pill gives women an extra year and a half before the disease returns .
40 people form human chain to save man from rip currents on lake michigan
want to see the kindergarten you wish you had as a child ? its in japan
this years monumental victories in protecting bird habitat
just add color gallery: donate to help make a dream come true !
organization teaches athletes with disabilities how to surf at carolina beach
unexpected amputation leads to paralympic opportunity for peoria notre dame grad
christmas comes early for b . c . bottle collector with health issues
atlanta trooper and his faithful k 9 rescue three adorable abandoned puppies while on patrol and they ' re all promptly adopted
a father describes saving his daughter from u . s . bombardment of mosul
charlotte pence buys john oliver ' s parody book to support charity
missing dog reunited with family 10 years later
a police officer , on his way to a funeral for a slain officer , rescues an older couple from a house fire
she is living with a unique brain abnormality of the cerebellum and random acts of kindness are changing her life .
pornhub is plowing the streets of boston and new jersey for free
northern ky bbq restaurant offers free food for government employees during the shutdown
top ecuador court upholds $9 billion ruling against chevron
nearly 200 , 000 people have signed a petition to have logan paul kicked off youtube after controversy over his filming of a dead body in japan ' s ' suicide forest '
tiny koala joey rescued after mother hit by car is cared for in makeshift pouch 24 hours a day
3 graduate from drug court classes
new zealand to ban single use plastic bags
rare victory for rainforests as nations vow to stop ' death by chocolate '
warhol museum donates 90 cases of campbells soup to pittsburgh homeless shelter in honor of the late artists 90th birthday .
caribbean island of dominica bans single use plastic and styrofoam items , effective january 2019
after more than two decades this vet reunites with the for year old rwandan orphan named after him .
guy runs marathon with a new heart , young organ donors dad shows up to cheer him on
nj police buy 250 boxes of cookies after neighbor curses at girl scouts saying , " nobody wants your fucking cookies .
pope francis is paying the rent on a private beach for the disabled
bullet tests clear detroit man in prison since 1992
' suddenly it was total mayhem ' : australian inventors celebrate success of revolutionary bee hive
oregon scout troop puts out fire in willamette national forest
pechanga offers free styles to those donating hair for cancer survivors
pet owner finds reason to go rehab after pet od ' s on heroin
a man tried to jump off a detroit overpass . then 13 truckers saved him
7 month old saved by fishermen in sacramento river
homeless man gets $115 , 000 job after making an app for shelters
the bees living on notre dame ' s roof survived the fire
return of the cat man in aleppo
puppies rescued from a house fire in boise idaho
a black blues musician has a unique hobby: befriending white supremacists
fat rat saved from manhole by german animal rescue
man pulled alive from rubble of mosque after lombok earthquake rocks indonesian island
' permanently ' paralysed patient walks again in astonishing medical breakthrough
marine becomes first veteran wounded in combat to summit mt . everest
dog goes to the vet himself and knocks on the door for treatment !
ohio girls christmas wish: for everyone in her village to get a present
volunteers cleaning up the riverbanks in washington state
quantum ' compass ' promises satellite free navigation
canada plans to ban single use plastics by 2021
' queen of katwe ' brings uplifting underdog chess tale to toronto
group of friends carry girl with disability so she could enjoy florida beach
lawyers home now a farm animal sanctuary
the tampa bay rays baseball team is selling open seats for friday ' s game for $5 each with all proceeds going to benefit the pulse victims fund
big issue seller marries woman he met when asking for change
second world war veteran reunited with girlfriend after 70 years . norwood thomas , 93 , from virginia , us , is reunited with joyce morris , 88 , in australia more than 70 years after they first met .
worldwide terror attacks shrink to seven year low , new study shows
hiker mom saves fellow hiker ' s life , restores faith in humanity , too
mexicans singing cielito lindo while looking for survivors after earthquake
bhutila karpoche made history thursday night , becoming the first tibetan ever elected to public office in north america . the rookie ndp candidate looked destined to win the parkdale high park riding by a wide margin .
inflated by an outpouring of love , friends give a dying virginia balloon artist a last wonderland . fifty balloon twisters from around the world gathered in a richmond shopping mall to create a 20 , 000 balloon masterpiece honoring a dying master of the craft .
north korean cheerleaders: army of beauties set to invade south for the winter olympics in pyeongchang . the cheerleaders are set for their fourth appearance in the south after pyongyang agreed this week to send a delegation to next months winter olympics .
dog whose eyes were gouged out by hooligans starts a new life in the uk
the neighborhood barber: birmingham man gives free haircuts for kids , homeless
a rescued orphan elephant conquers her fear of water with the help of her loving adopted human
non profit provides girl with prosthetic leg , look a like doll
orphanage founder from africa wins $1 . 1m prize in memory of armenian genocide
reeses sent the best care package to a guy whose reeses was missing peanut butter
suns come to young boy ' s rescue after birthday party goes wrong
bum breathing turtles bring conservationists and farmers together to understand a queensland river
entrepreneur sends girl on free trip to china . . . after she photoshops herself there
high school water boy with special needs scores touchdown
young georgia entrepreneurs win national recognition for helping homeless and veterans
boy surprises friend with corrective color blind glasses
minneapolis protests as police chief resigns over justine damond shooting | us news
for the first time ever , the geometry of an electronic has been determined . thanks to the researchers at the university of basel .
you think meghan markle had a meteoric rise ? her rescue dog , guy the beagle , is now a freakin ' royal dog
raccoon released into wild after successful skyscraper climb
church of england welcomes first openly gay bishop
nasa lays out its commercial roadmap for putting astronauts on the moon in 2028
fort mcmurray man stayed behind and fed dozens of dogs , cats and rabbits british columbia
update: 70 year old completes transatlantic journey in 23 foot kayak this guy ' s a legend
milkmen return to london as millennials bid to cut plastic waste
former prisoner ' s emotional reunion with good samaritan who bought him a flight home when he had nothing
how 1 veteran went from homelessness to sweet success after making a delicious mistake
man starts dating website for mentally ill to help fight loneliness &amp; stigma
a wisconsin dj is living in a dog crate to raise money for local animal related charities
whitby teacher honoured for getting students excited about social justice , indigenous issues | durhamregion . com
wikipedia can pursue nsa surveillance lawsuit: u . s . appeals court
14 year old boy from india made a anti landmine drone which can detect and defuse has signed a 5 crore rupees deal ( 50 million rupees ) for production with the indian government
strangers gather at funeral for holocaust survivor with no family in richmond hill [canada]
she dropped out at 16 to work at a tampa bay hooters . 10 years later she ' s starring in the comedy ' florida girls , ' based on her life .
denver voters approve decriminalizing " magic mushrooms
louisville minister saves mans life after heroin overdose
in tasmania , helicopters drop beehives into flowering forests
tree blooms with whimsical wishes
successful trial of ' coral ivf ' gives hope for australia ' s great barrier reef
a teenager who had to learn to walk , talk and eat again after a horrific skiiing accident just landed 7 as in his exams
103 year old woman gets surprised with a cat for her birthday
baby found in plastic bag has people waiting in line to adopt her
time magazine names jamal khashoggi and persecuted journalists ' person of the year '
australian parents who don ' t vaccinate will be fined as a ' constant reminder ' they should
no weekend shootings for the first time in 25 years
group of cowboys came together to save animals as oklahoma flooding reached record levels
thousands gather for funeral of 20 rupees doctor , the man who turned god for the poor
undeniable facts that prove the world is getting better
police officer to donate kidney to boy , 8 , she just met
' game of thrones ' cast fulfill a hospice patient ' s final request
nearly 3 , 100 federal inmates to be freed under prison reform; almost all of the 3 , 100 are incarcerated for drug related charges
abc to air ariana grande benefit concert
becoming human again . my veteran cousin ' s personal battle with ptsd and rehab through the arts .
twitchs bob ross marathon is the most beautiful thing the internet has ever created
profile of project restoration , a county wide collaboration that takes care of the most vulnerable and pays for itself in reduced health care costs . it offers " proactive , unconditional , and comprehensive care .
pets blessed at wisconsin church
zappos offers to cover funeral cost for all 58 mass shooting victims
dog abandoned in las vegas airport with desperate note , finds new home after having ' no other option '
romanian nun helps jejus yemeni asylum seekers , migrant families
entire class of medical students at university of houston to get free tuition , thanks to anonymous donor
two young sisters who grew up in a tiny town filled with dairy farms dreamed of opening their own ice cream shop . they moved to florida , launched an ice cream truck and now it ' s one of the most popular places in their area .
south african private army protects world ' s largest rhino farm
indian diamond dealer savji dholakia gives workers cars , apartments for diwali
once nearly dead as the dodo , california condor comeback reaches 1 , 000 chicks
man sings to cancer patients on the anniversary of his mother ' s death
restaurant staff brightens mother ' s day for woman eating alone
nonprofit provides free medical care for homeless peoples pets
wind power has become cheaper than coal and natural gas in much of the united states
india ' s hospital train
uplifting news in review april 17 23 2017
italian police catch starving woman shoplifting food , buy her lunch
britain ' s " hardest working man
long lost antique jewellery found
meet the woman reuniting vets with their retired service dogs
for first time in history , solar jobs outnumber coal jobs in virginia
jason callahan , known as grateful doe , has made it home to his family for what would have been his 40th birthday ! ( 4/18/16 ) after twenty years of birthdays not knowing what happened to her son , a mother is finally at peace .
andrews community comes together for boy hit by car
vertical micro farms grow fresh produce in berlin grocery stores infarm has created the world ' s first indoor farming installations directly placed in markets .
after mass protests , poland won ' t back total abortion ban
north korean soldier who defected has been granted choco pies for life a snack kim jong un hates
runner boris berian goes from mcdonalds employee to a symbol of athletes rights
when your dog ' s day is over it dreams of you , says harvard psychologist
reverse busking: nzer busker lets people take earnings to help them out
son finds his father ' s ghost waiting for him in vintage racing game
stefano boeri reveals plans for tree covered towers in nanjing
$500k check dropped into salvation army kettle in minnesota
off with the bras ! sweden legalizes public nudity for humanitarian reasons
husband surprises wife with 500 roses after chemo treatment
study debunks bystander effect people really do pitch in to help !
indian boy mistakenly runs over chicken with cycle , takes it to hospital with all the money he had
rare butterfly thrives on , and because of , us military bases
young scientist finds potential diabetes cure in aratiles
israel turns parents into teachers to get disadvantaged kids more ready for school
volunteer fire fighter saves 4 yr old girl
ww2 veteran and charity collector ' miraculously ' recovers from crippling injuries
a super thin slice of wood can be used to turn saltwater drinkable , suggests a new study . scientists developed a new kind of membrane made of natural wood instead of plastic , which is more energy efficient and doesnt use fossil fuel based materials like many other membranes for water filtration .
simon kindleysides becomes the first paralysed man to complete the london marathon
12yo boy provides running commentary of football match to his blind friend . club tracks them down and invites them to meet the players
10 reasons to love your third wheel
foster teen gets surprise gift from man diagnosed with brain tumor , on a mission to give back
massachusetts man has cooked thanksgiving feast for strangers for 33 years
woman who lied about being raped on college campus gets jail
video campaign aims to unify poland through the power of bread
the inmates behind the world ' s first prison parkrun
man takes terminally ill dog on farewell cross country road trip
this pomeranian adorably guide his blind best friend through life
the world ' s fluffiest wildcats are getting their own park in siberia
us experts back marijuana based drug for childhood seizures
best friends for 60 years find out they are biological brothers
this man shares a beautiful story about accepting the ugly kid
marine corps ring found on florida beach reunited with owner
us looks to ban chinese officials unless tibet is opened
virginia beach group feeds homeless on easter sunday
man aims to mow grass in all 50 states for those in need
stranger waiting in line behind texas teacher pays for her school supplies
utah woman looking for man who saved her life on playground 4 years ago
wisdom from shaolin
little girl scalped by carnival ride sees herself for the first time . . . and smiles
autistic boy with no friends whose father posted letter on facebook flooded with fan support: the new jersey student was asked to write who his friends were . no one , he replied
planned parenthood , other groups report post election donation surge
sometimes , karma doesn ' t take very long .
students of a beloved choir director who was dying of cancer went to her home and sang to her . it was the last sound she heard .
even westboro baptist church members can learn through kindness
' lucky ' kitten survives harrowing ordeal , finds fur ever family
canadian senior is granted his lifelong wish of conducting an orchestra
cafe opens in tokyo staffed by robots controlled by paralyzed people
cnn hero of the year .
reddit found this dude ' s stolen car in a matter of hours
teen accepted to more than 100 colleges , earns $4 . 5m in scholarships
dj paul oakenfold performs gig at mount everest base camp to raise money for victims of the nepal earthquake .
bison rescued from flood waters in bear creek park
sdsu collects almost 600 , 000 pound of food for a local food bank
farmington hills firefighter adopts dog after finding owner deceased
nearly extinct pink dolphin gives birth to pink calf
mother listens to her son ' s donated heart beating 23 years after he died
two students are developing bacteria that can break down ocean bound plastic waste .
judge sides with hobby mechanic , shuts down neighbors trying to close his garage
world ' s heaviest woman undergoes successful weightloss surgery
victoria , australia stamps out puppy farms
university of kentucky employee terminated after harassing student with cancer using handicapped parking
mark cuban donates $1 million to help dallas police protect lgbt community
boston police cop pool karaoke of god bless america
cvs raises wages , offers 4 weeks paid parental leave to fathers as well as mothers . ( update in comments )
empowering an endeavour to clean eight million tons of trash from the oceans trump signed " save our seas " act .
dunkin ' donuts to stop using foam cups by 2020
name these jaguar cubs
from addiction and homeless , to finding solace in nature and each other to start their recovery
a dog runs nearly 300 km to find the woman who saved her
local football coach donates bone marrow to ny toddler , meets him
wildcoast protects 695 acres and 1 . 2 miles of pacific coastline on the baja california peninsula
this 10 year old boy with autism wrote an incredible poem about his experiences
denver votes to remove taxes from tampons , pads
i feel like this is uplifting
new reusable sugar based polymer purifies water fast
an 81 year old woman just created her own iphone app
these people are amazing
kids hilariously serenade atlanta police horses with ' old town road '
californias wildflower super bloom is so massive you can see it from space
sheepdog quits job , runs 240 miles to return home
elon musk ' s hyperloop dream may come true and soon
man pays for $10k in layaway items at nj toys r us
antarctica ' s getting the world ' s largest marine reserve
one man travels the country helping those in need
india plants 66 million trees in 12 hours as part of record breaking environmental campaign
american ' kroncong ' troupe mesmerizes surakarta audience
patriots skipping the white house visit are demonstrating core american values
during the american thanksgiving , the town of lincoln , california ( a sacramento suburb with a population of 47 , 000 people ) came together to host a huge thanksgiving dinner and provided a range of free/affordable services for wildfire victims .
breaking fast at church , in a synagogue: interfaith leaders in singapore take a stand against violence their own way
when this man didnt place his usual order , dominos staff checked in on him and saved his life
helping hands raises total of $1 . 2 million to renovate area homeless reentry center
mother of 3 receives liver transplant from complete stranger after facebook plea
man found locked in container at vizag port
vietnamese man makes biodegradable straws from wild grass to solve worlds plastic problem
hanover woman honored for helping the homeless
georgia man to complete half ironman as he battles incurable lung cancer ( x post from triathlon )
you cant buy luxury items till you fix schools , high court tells uttarakhand govt
cystic fibrosis sufferer lifts one million kilograms in 22 hours
city councilman proposes to woman at council meeting
billionaire to give most of his fortune to save the ocean from plastic
big advertisers still shunning ingrahams fox news show months after boycotts
kamiyah mobley found 18 years after abduction from jacksonville hospital , arrest made
college football player with asperger ' s did the ' impossible '
in jordan , a place for animals to forget the trauma of war
baby elephant saves " drowning " friend
after debate , political rivals stun everyone by playing unexpected duet
holocaust survivors relate random acts of kindness from german soldiers the reasons they ' re alive today
damaged teeth can be regrown naturally using an alzheimer ' s drug , scientists discover
tuba player finds harmony after overcoming homelessness
special education teacher helps special needs child and plane lands safely !
wwii veteran finally gets high school diploma more than 70 years later
if you were handed $1 , 100 a month , would you amount to anything ? germany is giving $1 , 100 a month to a few selected citizens for a basic income experiment
amid ominous warnings about threats to pollinators and the food crops they make possible , garden care giant ortho said tuesday [12 april 2016] it will stop using a class of chemicals widely believed to harm the most important pollinators of all: bees .
men in iran are standing up to the ' morality police ' by wearing hijabs | the #meninhijab social media campaign features men wearing the hijab to combat the strict religious dress code that is enforced on iranian woman
montreal ww ii hero , largely unknown at home , honoured as dutch town ' s saviour one eyed soldier leo major single handedly chased the nazis from zwolle in 1945
cop saves 7 newborn puppies left to die in dumpster during snowstorm
milwaukee company turns ownership over to surprised employees
portland pizza parlor breaks world record for most cheeses on a pizza
fake tinder profile receives over 1 , 000 polite comments and no abuse
police: rancher lassos bike thief outside oregon wal mart
a blind runner and his very good boy specially trained guide dog helps blind marathon runner to race without human assistance
4 eared cat named batman gets adopted within hours
brevard inmates to cuddle shelter dogs during fireworks celebrations
dog alerts man to warwick house fire
white sox rehire man who spent 23 years in jail for crime he didn ' t commit
delayed by nazis , bar mitzvah to now be celebrated by 89 year old holocaust survivor
a dog named cactus is dominating a race through the desert
medical marijuana cleared for release to louisiana patients
house votes to permanently reauthorize 9/11 victims compensation fund after outcry
florida dog groomer opens late to give this pup a new lease on life
fedex driver ' s patriotic act caught on camera
saudi authorities help 75 year old woman realise her dream after she was duped by drug smugglers
high school wrestling champ wrestled a kid with down syndrome
german families send a ship to stranded refugees in the mediterranean . . . ( private initiative of several families to help rescue drowning refugees )
second chance coffee in illinois only hires former criminals and conducts an fbi check to be sure they ' ve been to jail . the company has plans to become the biggest post prison employer in the world
princess diana changed the idea of what a princess should be
sikh puts religious rule aside to help injured boy . he unveiled his turban to place under boys head .
hope for baby born with his brain outside of his skull
teenage arctic explorers return from 10 day adventure eating raw narwhal skin .
california cleaned up it air 4 years ahead of schedule
ducks waddling through peak hour traffic get police escort to safety
mental scars of vietnam war healed through multicultural friendship between veteran and restaurateur
trooper buys local boy gift after dog run over , killed
mosha the thai elephant maimed by mine gets prosthetic leg
for the first time in 25 years new york city didn ' t have a single shooting over the weekend
nfl: one handed football linebacker drafted to play on same team as his twin brother
india returns 12 year old pakistani boy who crossed border to drink water
indian doctors grow new nose on boy ' s forehead
portland state ' s youngest grad is 15 year old physics major
man marries woman 20 years after promising he would in preschool
girl scout markets samoa cookies with jason momoa ' s picture , says momoa samoas are a big hit
muncie animal shelter has one dog left rescued from hurricane irma
high school students build fully functional prosthetic arm for 8 year old in her favorite colors . the project cost $30 to create
' freakish miracle ' : new zealand fisherman pulls drowning toddler from ocean
swedish women ' s football team swaps names for inspirational messages on shirts
the people of flint , mi are trying to get a new message out there with a new uplifting video: they answer the question , what is flint ?
hero indian driver risks life to save children in runaway van
plastic bags to be banned in new york state .
man who walked miles a day seeking a kidney donor for his wife finds a match
formerly homeless man learns to knit so he can give handmade , warm clothing to homeless
five years after receiving a full face transplant , this hero breaks his silence
stolen gnome returned to b . c . woman after 8 months with photos of international adventure
tourists take edinburgh homeless man to sweden for christmas bbc news
the lottery winner giving her winnings away: rachel lapierre , from montreal , canada , won the lottery , with a prize of $1 , 000 a week for life .
slowly making our way to a healthier planet !
how syrian refugee yusra mardini survived a 25 day trek and became an olympian
sugar daddy website founder to pay for abortions of women who have to travel out of restrictive states
book of etchings by italian artist found in a charity shop fetches $39 , 000 at auction
drones and ai combine to combat poaching in southern africa
how one woman stopped an oil terminal from coming to her neighborhood
ten year old boy performs heimlich manoeuvre and saves sister ' s life
minister cites climate change in rejection of opencast coal mine the uk government has rejected plans for an opencast coal mine in northumberland on the grounds that it would exacerbate climate change .
mysterious 8 . 5 mile pyramid discovered at bottom of the ocean
a garden grows in washington jail , bearing more than just vegetables
we froze the salaries of 20 executives and it improved the lives of 500 employees | john driscoll | opinion
monkeys helped lost tourist survive for 9 days in the amazon
oregon " psilocybin services " ballot measure has significant support , poll shows
10 years after her brother died , she gets to dance with the girl who received his heart
paramedics bought caramel sundae for dying man en route to hospice
zero: the number of new zika cases from the rio olympics
7 eleven owner sends shoplifting teen home with food instead of calling 911
man reunited with $100k inheritance hidden in the back of his tv .
i saw bored ten year old lads throwing dog waste at a single mum who was walking by and something clicked in me .
to get closer to her dad in heaven , 7 year old becomes youngest girl to ever climb mt . kilimanjaro
the greatest mcdonald ' s manager in the world sarasota police credited mcdonalds night manager montice span for giving two girls a big old duffel bag of stuff while their father was being charged with dui and two counts of child neglect .
nurse saves man ' s life at 30 , 000ft after spotting symptoms of killer infection
53 woman catches purse snatcher . returns wallet , buys thief coffee .
one is chinese . one is american . how a journalist discovered and reunited identical twins
indian temple helps nurture ' extinct ' turtle back to life . black softshell turtle was believed to have been totally wiped out in wild by 2002
man who called police on black woman at north carolina pool no longer has job
how to walk away empowered after reading the news
campaign to get a terminally ill marvel fan to get an early screening of avengers endgame has succeeded .
millionaire in boca raton , florida , opens up mansion to 70 foster kids after irma
arkansas middle school student , 12 , donates money from sales to charity
marine dog that lost leg in afghanistan receives highest animal award
family leaves heartwarming note for nfl player
sikh american to be first in air force allowed to keep turban and beard on active duty
dental clinic provides care , jobs for veterans . " in the whole country we couldn ' t believe there was not an organization outside the va that would provide dental care to veterans
the wisdom collector: shaolin wisdom: how self observation can prevent you from making mistakes ?
n . h . police surprise boy who gave officers treats in lieu of receiving birthday presents
a school boy missing for two months after telling his parents he was bored with his life has been found safe and well .
fund to repair fire ravaged notre dame hits 600m euros and rising
firefighter to marry marathon bombing survivor he saved
missing 12 boys and their football team coach are found alive in cave after missing for 9 days
craft breweries are teaming up to raise funds for the aclu with " people power " beers
angel in the dollar store .
the former sex worker who set up a retirement home bbc news
police treat children found in abandoned house to ' impromptu birthday party '
puppy gets prosthetic legs after neighbor cuts them off with a sword
supermarket staff in malaysia felt sorry for a shoplifter so they offered him a job
iraq declares end of caliphate after capture of mosul mosque
' no veteran should be buried alone ' : crowd attends veteran ' s funeral , expected to be buried alone
a 13 year old student called 911 and gave cpr to his coach who went into cardiac arrest
my mom saved a life ! crystal cafe waitress saves choking victim
88 year old man honors wife ' s legacy by making blankets for children in need
denver votes on whether to decriminalize magic mushrooms
indonesian teen rescued after drifting 49 days at sea
iceland has become the first country in the world to give its citizens full control over their medical records
an incredibly rare ili pika rabbit has been photographed for the first time in 20 years
severely anorexic girl turns her life around
this santa fe high school baseball player is perfectly fine after being shot in the head
deaf pit bull with low chance of being adopted gets a forever home from a woman who is also deaf
muslim businessman gives baghdads christians a giant christmas tree
once teased for her love of bugs , 8 year old co authors scientific paper
trump expected to sign hbcu executive order
photographer takes pictures of these down syndrome children with local police after finding out no one wants to photograph them
' thank you for bringing me home ' : abducted 4 year old girl reunited with parents in florida
security guard is still on duty hours before he graduates , cum laude , at saint theresas college in cebu
zimbabwe to give white farmers 99 year leases , like black counterparts
all 12 boys and coach from soccer team stuck in thai cave found alive
houston tv lady saves truck driver ' s life
12 year old australian boy spends his time sewing teddy bears for sick kids
fundraiser for a couple whose home of 43 years burnt down christmas day .
meet the brooklyn woman who single handedly drained the lie during monday night ' s storm
a dog that survived the catastrophic wildfire in northern california apparently protected the ruins of his home for almost a month until his owner returned
girl , 3 , with an inoperable brain tumour may now survive thanks to $300 , 000 anonymous donor
yay
see the epic birth story behind these adorable photos
this 8 year old is selling dozens of his paintings to benefit austins homeless
bee populations soar with beekeeping on the rise in berlin
melbournes monash university says dogs ' hearts beat in sync with their owners
from across the country , gifts of tiny houses arrive for standing rock
two maine schoolgirls got inauguration crowd fired up with rendition of " this girl is on fire
ontario to modernize drivers licence system after star probe
pizza hut delivered pizzas by kayak free of charge to harvey flood victims who were trapped in their homes and running out of food
american pit bull rescue gets big air at weekend water competition
upliftingnews in review for 7/24/17 7/30/17
new zealand earthquake lifts seabed
man who was told rare gold coin was fake set to become millionaire after experts realise it is genuine: ' its like finding an original picasso at a garage sale . its the discovery of a lifetime ' .
teens hotdog stand is threatened to close down after a complaint . but minneapolis city officials decided to rally behind him to keep it open instead .
service dogs provide stress relief for wright state students
zimbabwe bans the beating of children bbc news
durango climber thad ferrell fell 100 feet and lived , forcing him to reinvent himself
mittens , the puppy with two crushed paws will walk again !
ethiopia and eritrea declare end of war
a brave young italian woman fought a centuries old sicilian tradition allowing abusers to marry victims to restore their honor
oldest wwii vet , richard overton 111 , expected to be released from hospital tuesday
the indian who cycled to russia to meet messi
cave rescue: australians to receive honours , pm turnbull says
los angeles man turns portable toilets into homes for homeless
manchester united and manchester city give 1m to bomb victims ' fund
indian nationals contribute to pakistans dams fund
kenyan woman edits herself into holiday photos , is rewarded with holiday trip and a new career
survivors of boko haram violence help other refugees cross borders: even one person can make a difference
mass . eye and ear gets record $20 million donation to research hearing loss the boston globe
afghan women refugees resurrected as india ' s plastic waste warriors
champion stud uses cover of an earthquake to jump 3 fences into a paddock of mares and sires a foal
nepal says its tiger population has almost doubled from 2009
after 63 years of marriage , couple dies within just hours of one another
tanzania has become the latest country to implement a plastic ban . from the 1st june , no one will be allowed to produce , import , sell or use plastic bags .
cloning giant redwoods could help combat climate change
choking boy ' s life saved by hero classmate who used heimlich manoeuvre in school canteen
a spix ' s macaw , the species that inspired ' rio ' , has just been spotted in the wild for the first time since 2000
mcdonald ' s is going green
snowball fight ! police share heartwarming video of ' confrontation ' with kids
jamaican boy coming to canada for life saving surgery .
tanzania to spend $3 bln over 5 yrs connecting 1 million rural households to power
coca cola just hit a major environmental milestone
orlando ' s own batman rescues cats and dogs . nonprofit batman 4 paws makes rescues in style
homeless hero
michigan animal control officers to sleep in dog houses overnight to raise awareness/money .
mall of america welcomes its first black santa
avalanche: boy survives after buried in french alps for 40 minutes
make environmental damage a war crime , 24 scientists say
finland pledges to become carbon neutral by 2035 | world news
microsoft pledges $500 million for affordable housing in seattle area
mumbai beach goes from dump to turtle hatchery in two years
woman lost engagement ring in a garden and finds 13 years later on a carrot !
chinas vow to shut down its ivory trade by the end of 2017 is a game changer for elephants
man who rushed terrorist shooter in christchurch attack still alive
repo man doesnt see himself as hero for act of kindness
starving syrian city madaya celebrates as food convoy finally arrives
here ' s where you can find india ' s first ' kapda ' bank that gives away food and clothes to the needy
more than 50 indiana bikers escort bullied 6th grade student to middle school
cpr saves lives ! this happened in my office . quick thinking and knowledge of cpr techniques saved this baby ' s life . please take some time to teach yourself some basic cpr and first aid techniques . you never know when you ' ll have to save a life .
here ' s the first look at amtrak ' s new acela express trains .
australia: transgender youth can now access hormone treatment without court approval
50 year old auntie dives into lake to save drowning boy , disappears before anyone can thank her
cleveland metroparks zoo welcomes newborn rhino calf
target cashier finds internet fame after his patience and kindness to customer goes viral
13 year old boy almost fully recovered after 40 minutes under water , can go to school again ( report in german )
teacher who saved teen from attack says he ' s no ' hero '
new jersey police and community help mom get much needed car repairs in time for christmas
rare raptors health improving after its rescue from snowstorm
117 year old jamaican woman says it took hard work to become oldest person in the world
the institutions bringing aged care residents together with toddlers in early learning centres
a colombian sailor has been rescued after spending two harrowing months lost at sea , witnessing the deaths of his three shipmates and forced to eat seagulls for survival , u . s . coast guard honolulu says .
augmented reality is helping children with autism interact with others and more !
cancer survivor , uplifting spirits &amp; emotional healing . after photo , post mastectomy beautiful tattoo ' d breasts
kentucky teens mow lawns for free to clean community , stay out of trouble
wpd befriends teen with rare skin condition
ok reddit , lets save a life . a little girl from my home town needs a life saving treatment that costs $ 2 . 2 million . they are almost there but only have three more days to meet their goal .
this teen got her mom a " thanks for vaccinating us " cake
if you don ' t get that van started , you come in and get my keys . " wonderful human lends car to strangers
montgomery county sheriff ' s office photo eight horses and three cows in unsafe and deplorable conditions were rescued sunday .
high court backs nhs decision to stop funding homeopathy
she worked over christmas as a flight attendant , so dad booked flights to join her
ayatollah khamenei donates funds for myanmar refugees
animals rescued from aleppo war zone
sergeant the eagle returns to taghum
nigerian philanthropist tony elumelu donates $500 , 000 to sierra leone
elizabeth warren wants to ban private prisons: they have no place in america
israel proves the desalination era is here: one of the driest countries on earth now makes more freshwater than it needs
precious davis will be 1st trans bride on ' say yes to the dress ' friday
winterized trailers soon to provide shelter to asylum seekers at quebec border
iron maiden send signed birthday card to former hotel maid on her 90th birthday
2 year old boy with deadly cancer gets an early christmas from his neighbors
florida cops surprise man with new bike after his only mode of transportation was stolen
author pledges 100% of profits to irma victims , asks for help sharing
how this vancouver couple produced just 4 shopping bags of garbage in 3 years | cbc news
trumps star voted off hollywood walk of fame
weezer fulfills wish of fan led campaign by covering toto ' s " africa
marielle " layla " louise becomes the first female ' dota 2 ' player to compete in a major qualifier
new zealand river becomes first in world to be given legal status of a person
therapy dog encourages and cheers on boston marathon runners
connecticut man that suffered heart failure returns to bodybuilding training with backpack heart
schwarzenegger gives the speech that donald trump should have
two brothers were separated by the holocaust . after 77 years , their families just reunited .
homeopathic detox: med school quietly flushes quack science after criticism
a 71 year old man , inspired by his work last year at a park where veterans were camping because they were homeless and struggling with addiction , embarked on a 3 , 600 mile ( 5 , 793 kilometer ) , coast to coast walk this week to draw attention to their plight
iraqi christian girl freed from islamic state says ' mum , dad ' again
this was in my state . and i love everything chick fil a has done to help especially when we had our snow storm a couple years back .
solar is getting cheaper than coal in india !
thon raised $10 , 045 , 478 . 44 , for the 4 diamonds foundation this weekend , exceeding last year ' s total .
11 year old girl donates to pet store that helps low income families , including her own: a greater cleveland
india declares dolphins to be non human persons , bans dolphin shows
samir singh started his 15 , 000 kms run to help raise funds for martyrs of the central armed police force
haley moss becomes first openly autistic person admitted to the florida bar
a service dog actually voted for a new jersey assembly bill named for him . legislators unanimously passed a bill that would impose fines on those who deny access to disabled people with service dogs ( x post /r/pupliftingnews )
96 rare baby sea turtles just hatched in queens , new york
chicago gun violence down for 8th straight month , police say
increasing emotional health and resilience around the world
indian man , 20 , wakes up at his own funeral after being pronounced dead by doctors
utah couple adopts 4 children in 24 hours
jobs surge in april , unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969
a beef farmer has given his herd of cows to an animal sanctuary to protect them from the slaughterhouse
hedgehog rescued in bavaria after getting stuck in plastic cup: bavarian police said a hedgehog " could not resist the temptation " when it found the empty cup of ice cream on a road . officers used the near fatal incident to raise awareness about good waste disposal habits .
2 painters connect when one of them finds a message in a bottle in france , 3 , 500 miles from where the other sent it adrift in new york city
donations pour in for chinese cancer stricken girl after her touching letter goes public
man orders 2 waters at nc hot dog restaurant , then leaves $10 , 000 tip
amputee veteran adopts a puppy with a missing leg that no one else wanted to adopt
experience: i accidentally bought a giant pig
loses ebay bidding war to fiancee
world ' s oldest male twins turn 103
damascus park hosts first cafe with young disabled staff
arty was once among the numerous stray dogs left to waste away on the streets of afghanistan . now he has a home , family and a whole green yard all to himself .
judge strikes down mississippi ' s anti gay law minutes before it would take effect
400 gather outside cancer stricken teacher ' s window to sing for him
current state of the nra , according to its own members: theyre f*cked
' we have a heap of love to give ' : one couple ' s decision to adopt a baby boy with down syndrome
this long list of tech founders has pledged to give away millions when they exit
three stories of bravery in soviet armeniawith a twist
kramden institute bridges digital divide with refurbished computers
mother of 3 thanks paramedics and hospital staff for saving her life , 7 times
7 year old cole is beating brain cancer !
chelsea manning released from military prison | us news
french inventor successfully crosses the english channel on a hoverboard
ad signs in stockholm will guide homeless people to shelters when the temperature drops to 7c ( 19 , 4f ) .
business park owner " morally obligated " to help groups from three counties serve the homeless
fastest growing religion is none
this dog pushes his handicapped owners wheelchair wherever they go
girl , 2 , defends her choice of doll to cashier
kerela ( a state in india ) to pay for sex change surgeries for transgenders
every year my friends and i raise money and awareness for mens health . this year is the 7th annual wiserhood .
oprah winfrey surprises new jersey high school with $500 , 000 gift
dad dying of cancer sees 2 year old son get a new kidney
student discovers way to cost effectively turn salt water into drinkable fresh water
woman shares story of homeless man helping her after being stranded in london
12 year old nigerian girl builds app for lost chidren to call for help
norway selling out of date food to help tackle waste: supermarkets selling out of date produce and apps that identify food at risk of being binned are part of an ambitious plan to slash the nations food waste
homeless man getting $100k reward for pointing out escaped inmates in san francsico
blind boy sees for the first time
germany to close all 84 of their coal fired power plants . will rely primarily on renewable energy .
the inspiring life of 22 year old jayavel from begging on the streets of chennai to studying at cambridge university
instead of a graduation bash , this high school senior threw a pizza party for the homeless
after thief steals christmas decoration , stranger from afar replaces it: ' it would be better on your front lawn than part of my display . '
service dogs attend theater performance as part of training
knowing that most insurance companies don ' t cover obesity medications , pharma ceo launches new drug at less than 50 cents a pill and protects patients from the middlemen
jennifer ' s house looking more like noah ' s ark after windstorm
woman tells incredible story of how she lost everything her health , great job , dream home and loving partner and came back better than ever
picking up the tabby ! donor pays cat ' s $623 vet bill
michigan church says it paid off medical debt for nearly 2 , 000 families
tiny homes provide shelter for nashville ' s homeless
spirited duo out to cover 4 , 400km on bamboo cycles to spread word on girls education
lee hernandez: the dying army veteran thanks you for the text messages
meet indias tractor queen
soldier welcomes afghan translator to us with bear hug
japan records lowest suicide rate since statistics were first kept in 1978
pets of the homeless christmas party helps animals doing it ruff
colombia peace deal: historic agreement is signed
retired nurse runs hospice for dying abandoned dogs
50 artifical reefs dropped in gulf of mexico off coast of texas island .
animal lover raising money for homeless man who saved his missing dog
first cub photo gives hope for critically endangered balkan lynx
more than 150 children , some as young as 11 , were among 220 people rescued from sex and labor trafficking rings in west africa
tragically hip tour raises more than $1m for brain cancer research
new jobs in december beats economist forecasts
oakville man donates more than 150 hand made toys
a cryptic facebook message and a labrador man ' s scramble to save a life
this is how belgians reacted to the brussels bombings in march
this coffee shop only employs people with disabilities . bitty and beau ' s coffee .
use of slur ' faggot ' in tweets has decreased by ~90% over the past 4 years
a woman was nearly killed after teens threw a 20 lbs frozen turkey through the windshield of her moving car . when she woke from a coma with brain damage and a surgically reconstructed face , she pressed for leniency in the case , transforming the delinquent teen ' s life . they still keep in touch today .
my brother befriended this syrian refugee in edmonton , who is supporting fort mcmurray evacuees , 2 of which are my parents who lost their home and small business .
scientist crowned miss usa 2017
forest officials revive legendary 700 year old pillalamarri banyan tree in telangana
bolivia ' s health minister ariana campero announced 56% reduction in infant mortality rate during event in which 180 community doctors received laptops . according to bolivia ' s health ministry sharp decrease is due to social policies and conditional cash transfer program .
a labor reform law came into force on monday , setting a legal cap on long work hours to change japan ' s notorious overwork culture blamed for causing sickness and deaths .
worlds 2nd largest beauty brand , unilever , announces unprecedented move to help support global ban on animal testing for cosmetics
trump and north korea ' s kim jong un to meet ' as soon as possible: " mr kim also agreed to halt nuclear and missile tests and was committed to denuclearisation " .
stranger train letter shared by thousands
kevin durant donates $10 million to prince george ' s co . students | wtop
dog missing for two years is reunited with the family who never gave up looking for him
kim kardashianm helps free another inmate
cattle rancher stops killing cows , converts farm to animal sanctuary
mom makes an unorthodox lucky shot .
former heroin addict praises husband who ' kept on loving me until i could love myself '
a university in pakistan won ' t grant a degree unless grads plant a tree
a service dog missing for more than two days after he ran off when the vehicle his owner was driving became involved in a crash in kettering has been found and reunited with his owner .
students surprise teacher with 2 kittens after her beloved cat dies
popular restaurant installs fridge outside so customers can leave their left overs for the homeless and hungry
starbucks ceo schultz plans to hire 10 , 000 refugees after trump ban
la is getting a cat cafe where people can visit shelter cats and adopt them !
utah teen buys 900 carnation and gives one to each girl at his school .
give a bike get a smile passion project for crown point man
oil and gas workers pushing for a shift to renewables
pga tour event raised $2 . 8 million for charity
cat reunited with owners 14 months after going missing found in pet food store
in a breakthrough that could save thousands of lives , researchers from the university of british columbia have figured out how to convert blood types a , b and ab into the universal type o , which all patients can receive in a transfusion , regardless of their own blood type .
pope francis has been gifted a papal themed lamborghini huracan worth $250 , 000 and is auctioning it off to benefit three causes , including the restoration of christian communities in iraq that were destroyed by isis
fate , chance and lost family: how a tiny canberra family found their mob in the outback
lost migrant girl , 4 , to be reunited with mum through phone photo
metallica is donating to local food banks on every stop on their current tour .
a man apologizes for firing a high power rifle through a mosque . the congregation shows up to court asking the judge to forgive the shooter .
idaho fish and game commission unanimously rejects wolf baiting , at least for now
surveillance cameras debunk the ' bystander effect '
colorado dog , believed dead , rescued weeks later on mountain
new annual report from the national cancer institute and cdc finds that mortality from cancer continues to decline , reaching the lowest levels since 1999 when the commission began tracking data .
mother thanks firefighter who sang to her daughter with autism after horrific crash
elton john aids fundraiser brings in $6m for kenya hiv testing
ill never forget him: alaskan husky rescues injured hiker crossing frigid eagle river along crow pass trail
animal marchmaker pairs red panda couples
new hampshire says never again on puppy mill abuse
drivers form a human chain to save an elderly man
rendy cafe launches yoga class for felines
500 canadian doctors protest pay raise
95 year old world war ii veteran ' s home made toys raises money to keep royal flying doctors in the air
dove nests on a police car . police dept takes care of the bird , feeding it and putting up an umbrella to shelter it !
9 years ago , he was shot while working at an arby ' s and he nearly died . but a surgeon at a detroit hospital saved his life . and now , he ' s returning to the hospital this time , as a doctor .
how one family turned a tragic suicide into a force for good
how virtual reality is taking dementia patients back to the future: the wayback project recreates coronation day in 1953 on 3d film using actors , period costumes and props , right down to fish paste sandwiches . the effect is to bring back vivid memories for those struggling with the present .
anonymous person buys remaining $1 million of toys from toys r us to donate
family who received gifts from santas helpers now donates
american hostage and her family freed after five years in captivity
woman gets heartwarming 21st birthday gift from dad five years after he died
amazing ! dog rescues baby buried alive in field in thailand .
the forest man from india plants 1000 acres of forest in a barren wasteland , revives wildlife
judge blasts sun sentinel for publishing confidential information in parkland school shooting case
meet kristie: a marathon runners journey through lost love , weight gain and a busy career to run the same race she ' d run in the prime of her life and the struggles she had to overcome
indian women are pursuing pilot jobs like never before national
big brother uk axed by channel 5
china is re assigning 60 , 000 troops to plant trees
24 year old blind girl needs only another $4 , 200 to afford bionic eyes to return her sight , i am certain reddit can get her the rest . [x post r/cyberpunk]
brewery gives time off for new puppy parents
scientists discovered rare genetic mutation that could help fight aging and prolong life
hony pediatric cancer fundraiser
good boy humpback whale rescues diver from shark
china is on track to meet its climate change goals nine years early
canada passes law banning holding dolphins and whales in captivity
california is letting over a million people convicted of weed charges to get clean slate .
30 couples marry in syria ' s first mass wedding since the ceasefire
deliveryman sees a strange dark spot in the middle of a frozen pond . curious , the deliveryman looks closer , realizes its a drowning dog , acts fast and saves the dog
2 year old who overcame the odds and learned to walk inspires millions
avowed white supremacist gets life sentence in car attack
awesome steelers player takes nearly 200 kids to see advance screening of jumanji
nasa twins study shows year in space put u . s . astronauts immune system on alert
a christian woman who was sentenced to death in pakistan for blasphemy has won her appeal and been acquitted in a landmark ruling .
a farmer in india is now the owner of a 20 coach express train and a station master ' s office after indian railways failed to pay compensation .
mlb teams are inviting this girl to throw the first pitch with her 3 d printed hand
million dollar mouse successfully eradicates mice from antipodes island , new zealand
an irish charity is raising money to help the rescued slaves of isis
stray dog that finished half marathon alongside human competitors awarded medal .
couple reunited with engagement ring after it was flushed down toilet
on international women ' s day , sudan ' s bashir orders release of female detainees
an uncommon sighting of a mature white crocodile has excited tourism operators in australia ' s northern territory . the reptile , nicknamed pearl , was spotted on the adelaide river near darwin on sunday .
little girl asks for christmas cards as she battles cancer
sharks as big as small yachts spotted off california coast after 30 year absence
games done quick raises over $227k for harvey relief
toddler triplets and garbage men are bffs
this cafe in texas provides jobs for mentally challenged adults
lexington man wants to help mcdonald ' employee , 85
flight attendant helps passenger by breastfeeding
this 3 year old cancer survivor was a flower girl in her bone marrow donor ' s wedding .
front lawn becomes a stage for house ridden boy .
little boy reunites with his lost dog after a month apart
some good people did this . sharethemeal . org
teen with multiple disabilities unable to attend school named honorary graduate
norway commits to zero deforestation
couple unexpectedly delivers baby at chick fil a in texas; baby will get free chick fil a food for life and guaranteed job at age 14 .
8 year old cancer survivor collects thousands of toys for children in hospitals
boy who donated bar mitzvah money to ailing classmate gets a big surprise from ellen
this inspiring grandpa set up a suicide prevention charity to address devastating problem in his local community
cpr instructor has heart attack in class , student saves him: ' it was quite severe '
illinois repo man pays off elderly couple ' s car story
a marine who became a quadruple amputee after stepping on an explosive device in afghanistan now plans to pursue his dream of becoming a chef after a successful double arm transplant
oldham ' s first cat cafe cat a tonic is now open for coffee and cuddles
near total ban imposed on sending wild african elephants to zoos
floating school changes lives of kids living in a lagos slum
states with $15 minimum wage laws doubled this year
102 year old holocaust survivor meets nephew for first time
party city employee marries his sweetheart in the store
why a rookie backup has the hottest selling jersey in the nfl
a new ebola vaccine given to more than 90 , 000 people in the democratic republic of the congo is 97 . 5% effective .
the first time richard kiyabu jr . saw ayako hayashi , he wasnt sure she was going to make it . the 81 year old runner from japan was staggering down kalanianaole highway , trying to complete the honolulu marathon well after all the other runners and walkers had come and gone .
nobel prize recipient donates entirety of his winnings to university .
sikh volunteer group khalsa aid helps authorities in providing water and food to the people stuck in dover .
woman celebrates her birthday by throwing a party for 130 children at st . pjs childrens home , san antonio texas
suicides in japan decline for 8th straight year amid a stronger economy and improvements in counseling programs
samsung ditches plastic packaging for sustainable materials .
emaciated child photographed on january 31st now healthy and well .
the new criminal justice reform law has already righted one outrageous injustice
while his teammates celebrate , winning pitcher rushes to console beaten batter
100 year old completes 100 metre race at americas masters games in vancouver
brazilian mattress company creates ' bunk beds ' for you and your pet .
hpv vaccine linked to dramatic drop in cervical disease
japan police offer martial arts classes for tourists
sweet surprise: police pull over drivers , hand out ice cream instead of tickets
syrian girl born without legs gets new prosthetics in turkey
malala yousafzai made youngest un messenger of peace
ill be forever grateful: police officer poisoned by carbon monoxide saved by his best friend
medic born in the back of an ambulance 42 years ago spent his birthday delivering a baby girl . . . in the back of an ambulance
police officers responding to a violent , mentally ill person professionally and without escalation .
measles outbreak: n . y . bans religious exemptions for vaccinations
bbc ' s planet earth team put every baby turtle it saw back in the sea
bungie raises $400 , 000 for st . jude ' s hospital during charity stream
adopted woman finds her family and donates kidney to save her cousins life
kyoto animation managed to save the data on kyoani ' s server inside burned studio 1 and was able to be recover everything without any loss .
woman escapes california wildfire carrying 70 pound dog in her duffel bag
finnish city issues candy instead of parking fines in seasonal gesture
study shows global forest loss over past 35 years has been more than offset by new forest growth
olympic syrian refugee swims for three hours in sea to push sinking boat carrying 20 to safety
celtic fan rod stewart donates to fund for rangers fan
cards against humanity have purchased land in an attempt to stop the boarder wall .
german researchers have built a quantum resistor using just a single atom
raccoon with can stuck on head rescued by animal control
florida brewery unveils six pack beer rings that feed sea turtles rather than kill them
lawmakers say epipen maker bilked medicare for more than $100 million
worlds worst fishery for bycatch turns seabird safe
solar powered car breaks world record in efficiency during 4 , 100 km australian trip the students crossed australia from perth to sydney on just $50 worth of electricity , using just 3 . 25 kwh/100 km .
nadal stops tennis match as distraught mother looks for lost toddler
indian boy accidentally runs over chicken , takes it to hospital with all the money he has
arizona wildcats ' my king johnson to make ncaa history as 1st openly gay football scholarship player
an infant did not have any hospital visitors for five months . so this nurse adopted her .
a new zealand man and his six year old daughter missing at sea for more than a month have landed in australia after sailing their small , damaged yacht across the treacherous 2 , 000 km ( 1 , 241 . 7 miles ) tasman sea .
aid cranes arrive at key north yemen port of hodeidah
save the oceans
philippine boy carried sibling to school for 8 years
half of iran wants to drop headscarf laws: government report
startup offers affordable braille watches to the visually impaired masses
cat missing for 11 years reunited with owner in new york
coca cola , pepsico finally cut ties with prominent plastic lobbying group
' he ' s not a wealthy person ' : man surprises 59 diners with free food to honor las vegas victims
woman who cant walk teams up with blind man for hikes
bright spot: 13 year old boy donates 13 inches of hair for kids in need
good guys austin fire fighters
woman targeted by sheriff for her f*ck trump sticker is now selling them and theyre going fast
nj man moves to woods saves 10 women ' s lives
discovery of dog saves oregon man from sex abuse conviction
production of fresh water and electricity via new device can help develop the rest of the world
supreme court orders states to list same sex parents on birth certificates
elephant out for a swim gets emergency rescue at sea
three parents whose young children were killed in a school shooting in 2012 have sued right wing conspiracy theorist alex jones for defamation
back to school: what it ' s like being six years old and in a wheelchair madeline has diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism that affects joints in her body and her mobility .
rolls royce makes a mini rolls for sick kids
this prom season , donated dresses help teens believe in themselves
meet the hero soldier who saved children ' s lives during the el paso walmart shooting
warren buffett donates $3 . 6 billion to gates ' and family charities
he died tragically 2 months ago . his friends helped his family harvest 1 , 400 acres in his absence .
germany ' s bavaria to ban full face veil
a man who saved a teenager trapped in the stairwell of his apartment building during a fire is being hailed as a hero monday .
syrian refugee family opens successful business in small town halifax , and creating jobs
wells fargo , fifth third bancorp unveil minimum wage hikes after tax bill passage . the companies minimum wage will be $15/hour .
diner regular tips staff $3 , 000 on $39 check just in time for the holidays
puppy saved from garbage truck gets adopted
vietnam veteran ' s family donates $3m to a veterans home in minnesota
uk supermarket gives waste sugar to hungry honey bees
instead of arresting a woman accused of shoplifting , these nypd officers paid for her meal
irish grandparents married for 48 years graduate with phds in archaeology
after 22hs of debate , the argentinian congress aprooved the abortion law project . now the senate has the last word .
mahesh papa has given away 472 brides , paying for all their weddings and only asks for proof their father can ' t look after them
make america talk again: the lab teaching sworn enemies to have decent conversations | world news
yonkers good samaritan risks life &amp; limb to save pair of dogs in icy reservoir
warren buffett to donate $3 . 6 billion of berkshire shares to 5 charities
lou ferrigno helps fan having seizure at knoxville fanboy expo
story behind prom entrance that goes viral
autistic man named ' stupid ' in spin class wins discrimination law case
worlds oldest cat is 31 and still has many lives left
man gives raised money for fast food worker ' s school
maryland woman gives sheltered 26 year old cat a new home
anonymous donor pays for fence around man ' s family legacy
for him the bell tolls: hemingway wins florida hemingway lookalike contest
perth businessman uses exercise to help the homeless transform their lives
vancouver man pays it forward to single mom living in shelter
power to the people .
meet the fifth grader turning water bottles into light bulbs to brighten communities
disney heir on ceo ' s $66m pay: ' no one on the freaking planet is worth that '
home depot co founder will give 90% of his reported $4 . 5 billion fortune to charity
color blind 14 year old wins enchroma glasses , convinces company to give a pair to his 75 year old grandpa too , the reaction is fantastic
85 year old grandpa teaches himself to code in his attic , puts his games on the internet for anyone to play for free .
dog returns after spending 9 months lost in mountains
' i didn ' t think i would see her again ' : owner , dog reunited after waterfall rescue
korea leaders release joint statement declaring there will be no more war on the korean peninsula
creative art director of an indie shop designed labels for a hardworking cab driver in the philippines .
fire brigade rescues a cat baby ' diva ' from house roof in dusseldorf , germany .
after a year of helping st . louis ' homeless get showers , founder seeks expansion
britain has gone a full week without using coal power for the first time since the industrial revolution . the new record set at 1 . 24pm on tuesday marks the first coal free week since the worlds first coal fired plant opened in london in 1882 .
stolen degas painting found intact on bus near paris
stipe miocic , the ufc heavyweight champion of the world , works as a fireman in his spare time
stranger buys soldier ' s $350 plane ticket so he can see family for memorial day weekend
malala , 20 year old nobel peace prize winner , accepted into oxford university
poor won ' t be jailed in alexander city because they can ' t pay court fines
' absolutely heartwarming ' : group raises $150k in a week for heroic mosque shooting survivor
agents of change: 4ocean
grandmother gives birth to own grandchild so her mother is her mother/grandmother/sister in la law : ) awesome but very confusing . mother and fathers day cards are going to be a nightmare
vatican mcdonald ' s to hand out thousands of free cheeseburgers to rome ' s homeless
an entire village comes forward to help give the deceased a decent burial in severe weather conditions .
teenager jailed for 13 years after pimping out young girls for sex
nj teen perseveres through homelessness to get accepted to 17 colleges
firefighters and paramedics stay to complete roofing job for family after homeowner falls from roof .
canadian sikh uses his turban to save drowning girl
how chinas ugliest girl group reclaimed a taunt that brought them fame
bottom beginning to fall out of ivory market global efforts to crack down on illegal ivory trafficking are eating away at prices
protestors collectively giving way to an ambulance in hong kong
man gives $10k to cover toys r us layaway bills
billy connollys 75th birthday marked with three giant murals in glasgow leave him flabbergasted
introducing fontus: the drink bottle that conjures water out of thin air
newborn baby rescued from a drain in india . his rescuer says he is my grandson . i became his grandmother
virginia church raises $100g to pay off college debt for 34 students
scientists use stem cells to grow working inner ear parts to treat deafness
rhino horns are being poisoned to keep them safe from poaching
a story , retold by neil gaiman , about the immense kindness david bowie showed toward a young fan with autism .
trash man creates free library out of 20 , 000 books found in garbage
jj watt donates $10k for local football player who suffers from coma .
grenfell tower survivor reunited with cat she lost on night of blaze
after 3 years , the ikea monkey is doing great
school band members with disabilities shine thanks to us peer mentoring program
brantley gilbert donates $10 . 5 million to toys for tots | atlanta buzz with jennifer brett
philippines passes law requiring students to plant 10 trees if they want to graduate
54 year old custodian graduates from the college he cleaned at night
diego the 100 year old tortoise almost single handed rebuilds the population of species
ireland to outlaw sex with people who ' ve fallen asleep drunk
a mothers christmas wish mother dieing of cancer requests christmas cards to bring her children joy details in comments
active ingredient in shrooms could reset brains of depressed people
he was hours from seeing his son ' s birth when flight was grounded; strangers gave him a lift
10 year old virginia beach girl beats the odds , becomes ambassador for childhood cancer
touching video shows alberta toddler deliver christmas present to recycling man
rape survivor sues memphis for failing to test 15 , 000 rape kits
golden eagles to return to wales 200 years after they became extinct ?
friends use ashes of dead fishing partner for bait and catch record breaking fish
woman decides to keep tiny pet that she found in her salad
the girl who gets gifts from birds
indian cardiologist performs world ' s first telerobotic surgery from a distance of 32 km education today news
hair stylists spend all day giving free haircuts to homeless people for christmas . see video .
meet lucas warren , the first gerber baby with down syndrome
parents of kids with rare disease found a promising drug
father set to compete in ironman world championship , carrying his son with cerebral palsy .
anonymous donor pays $2 . 5million to release everyone arrested at the dakota access pipeline
sheriff ' s department saves christmas for a little girl and her family after a break in on christmas eve will county , illinois
' share the love ' generous stranger ' s random act of kindness for local children goes viral
retailer rei creates new sustainability standards for its partners .
hbo cast josephine gillian as a prostitute in game of thrones , and her success has saved her from a life of prostitution
duck wanting to waddle again gets new feet from 3d printer .
how two garbagemen brought hope to the family of a little girl with cancer
high school rallies money , support for student with cancer
new zealand fisherman ' s ocean rescue of toddler ' miraculous '
local woman crochets animals for local children ' s hospital ( 102 and counting every year ) .
bernie sanders wants to defund u . s . military: spend $1 . 5 trillion on climate change . instead of spending $1 . 5 trillion on weapons to kill one other , let us unite against the common enemy that is climate change , said sen . bernie sanders ( i vt ) on his twitter account .
months after returning an elderly couple ' s car , a repo man helped raise money for the husband ' s funeral
deaf stepdad is surprised with adoption requests from his step daughter and step son
hypermarket offers job to man caught stealing .
ernest rady donates $50 million to salvation army , to help homeless men , women and families .
video: biologists rescue sea turtle off florida coast
australian plastic surgeon to treat victims of greece wildfires
brand new rollercoaster replaces one tossed into the waves by superstorm sandy
instead of filing charges , car dealer offers teenaged vandal a job
man uses ar 15 to end multi county crime spree
seniors celebrate pet ducks return to san anselmo facility after getting permission from feds
two days after her dog was presumed to have perished in massive apartment complex fire , owner revisits site and hears barking coming from the rubble
tennessee boy hailed as hero after waking family during fire
katie hopkins ' colleagues burst into ' applause ' when it was announced she is leaving lbc
marine gets his prosthetic leg back after losing it in a lake .
the buddha of swat has been restored
scientists are trying to bottle solar energy and turn it into liquid fuel
around 100 hawksbill turtle eggs successfully hatch at singapore ' s east coast park
beer me , bear me: the fourth annual collaboration between lincoln park zoo and dryhop brewers is targeted to help polar bears .
massachusetts state police trooper shares a roadside lunch with a panhandler
restaurant in montreal offers free food to those who can ' t afford to pay . " it doesn ' t matter , because at night if you still have leftover food you end up throwing it out , so why not give to those in need ? " said chef abdelkader bejaoui
campbell remess the teddy maker raises $26k for cancer research at hobart gala event
liverpool makes a stand and runs far right marchers out of town
over 180 countries just approved a ban on pangolin trafficking | smart news
new uk defibrillator map aims to save thousands more lives each year
remains of vietnam war journalist are finally returning home , 52 years after he died
grandma dials wrong number , unlikely friendship forms
prepare to shed tears as katy perry gives surprise concert to fan with a brain tumor
ex teacher accused of abducting teen planned to go to mexico
mix up a little grass and sunlight and you ' ll have cheap energy for life
irelands youngest charity worker lexie ( 7 ) on her christmas mission for the homeless
tj maxx , marshalls continues paying employees in puerto rico even though stores are closed
the boy scouts will now allow transgender boys .
sir david attenborough joins ' the trash isles ' campaign
17 year old boy in final stages of brain cancer gets to be az diamondbacks " manager for a day " thanks to make a wish foundation .
the soulbury stone never loses and now the council knows it .
taiwan elects its first female president; china warns of ' grave challenges '
anonymous donor in sc drops $1 , 200 gold coin into salvation army bucket
how to live to 100
dad celebrates passing his final exams with his baby son two decades after he left school at 16
video captures inmate rescuing officer being beaten up by fellow prisoner
food packing event at rivercentre supplies almost 5 million meals for somalia
tv news crew finds missing 11 year old boy on roof from helicopter
nurse , 97 , defies rules on age , gives back
' we ' re here to help ' : birmingham police mow elderly woman ' s yard
he went to manchester arena as a beggar . he left as a hero .
seattle vacates hundreds of marijuana charges going back 30 years
tim duncan is raising funds for the virgin islands toward hurricane irma relief efforts
in latvia , where musical culture played a key role in the survival of latvian identity during the soviet occupation , and where now a third of the culture budget goes towards music education , a new music festival aims to galvanise national identity and showcase latvian music culture .
12 year old genius hopes to save the earth
the couple who want to rebuild their shattered city
the romanian woman saving victims of sex trafficking: psychologist iana matei rescues girls forced into prostitution and gives them shelter , counselling and an education .
inmates help deputies in florida rescue infant accidentally locked in car
the ultimate gift: mother donated kidney to save daughters life , now both will participate in rose parade
girl with cancer receives 3 , 000 birthday cards from strangers around the world
florida newsrooms will partner to report on the states biggest threat climate change
a professional golfer , during a tournament , hit a wayward shot and ended up saving the life of a drowning toddler
canadian airline " air drops " free airfare on community recovering from summer wildfire disaster
seattle becomes first major u . s . city to ban plastic straws and utensils
community raises money to get prosthetic limbs for puppy born without paw pads
backpacker trapped in the torrential rains in hawaii survived by hiking 20 miles in sandals .
cops seek suitor who dropped engagement ring down nyc grating
teacher takes former students to daddy daughter dance 2 weeks after their father passes away
vancouver aquarium releases lovelorn octopus
final journey to assumption for vietnam war pilot killed in action
global carbon emissions continue to stabilize , us has 3% drop
buffalo bills fans have raised over $150 , 000 for bengals quarterback andy dalton ' s charity , after dalton ' s last minute touchdown clinched a playoff spot for the bills .
seoul kimchi festival: thousands gather in south korea ' s capital to make food for charity
78 year old attends first prom , named queen
' my heart is going to burst with pride ' : woman overcomes challenges of adopting children with special needs
helena the pitbull returned to shelter for being too nice
youtube dumps logan paul from top ad platform and several projects
football star lionel messi keen to meeting a 5 year old afghan child who created a plastic messi jersey .
hawaii is paying people who care for elderly relatives
the european union will ban the worlds most widely used insecticides from all fields due to the serious danger they pose to bees . the worlds most widely used insecticides will be banned from all fields within six months , to protect both wild and honeybees that are vital to crop pollination .
hero stranger brings teen back to life
human chain saves drowning man from flood
this awesome guy . homeless no more
mexican walking fish may hold key to helping paralysed people walk again
how a young man from manila inspired humanitarian hugh evans to change the world global citizen founder . hugh evans met sonny boy in the philippines in 1998 when they were both teenagers
tennessee police come to the aid of a disabled elderly man buying him a months worth of groceries after he called 911 because he hadn ' t eaten in 2 days .
bbc news: shed heaven: the workshops turning men ' s lives around
a six month old baby girl has been rescued from the ruins of an apartment building in taiwan , 30 hours after it was brought down by an earthquake .
international police agency interpol says a giant operation against illegal trade in wildlife and timber has resulted in millions of dollars ' worth of seizures and the identification of 1 , 400 suspects across the world .
girl receives kidney from mother seven years after dad gave her the same gift: if i can survive with one kidney and azia desperately needs the other to live as normal a life as possible , why wouldnt i choose to donate ?
wwii veteran to reunite with girlfriend after 70 years
researchers at rice university developed a method to convert heat into light that could boost solar efficiency from 22% to 80%
j . k . rowling sent flowers to the funeral of one of the orlando victims
mother duck returns to this hospitals hallways every spring
little girl with brain tumor flies to ' north pole ' for a trip she will never forget
87 year old man carves cathedral for wife with alzheimer ' s to evoke memories of their younger years .
ghanaian teacher who drew microsoft word on a chalk board for his students gets computers donated
rapper ( offset ) buys a good samaritan a car for coming to his aid after a car accident
sydney grants wish to be a superhero of boy with cystic fibrosis . shuts down part of city as new south wales police chief requests #ironboy ' s help with rescue mission
virginia advances bill to ban lunch shaming
motorcycle club rallies around boy targeted by hate crimes
islamic society of tampa bay and other faith communities offers to host separated migrant children
to reduce work stress , japan firms turn to office cats , dogs and goats
a level results: malala yousafzai gets a place at oxford bbc news
in 10 days , nova scotians filled a warehouse with 5 , 000 bags of donations for syrian refugees
britain , the queen proposes his son as commonwealth leader
after four decades , a homeless man is returning to college to finish his degree and his tuition will be paid
weight loss breakthrough scientists ' cure ' obesity in mice through removing gene known as rcan1
watch this gymnast score the most joyous perfect 10
i posted this the other day about my best friends life being saved by his 3yr old daughter . the story has been picked up nationally and internationally so i just wanted to share again . teach your kids to use tech . it could save your life one day .
all that is making a return ! ! this 90s baby is ready .
former ufc heavyweight denis stojnic stops nightclub assault on woman ( video )
elderly florida woman fends off 300 pound , half naked burglar with a baseball bat
after jordan , lebanon repeals ' marry the rapist ' law
an oregon state police trooper rescued 10 puppies that were locked in a trunk without water during a traffic stop on a trip from southern california to seattle .
bride battling aggressive breast cancer gets married just 18 hours before she dies
hobart ' s single use plastic ban an australian first
india court legalises gay sex in landmark ruling
three sweet words: viral video shows deaf baby hearing virginia beach mother say i love you for first time
in orlando , a son of a muslim immigrant rushed to heal pain caused by another
world ' s first full atlas for the blind made in india
mumbai airports t2 now has doggies for nervous travellers
last year 920 , 000 children died of pneumonia , mostly in countries without access to expensive medical care . now an indian doctor has fashioned and artificial respirator out of shampoo bottles . it has been routinely deployed in his hospital , and infant pneumonia deaths have dropped by 75% .
a rags to riches story: nets rally behind their veteran leader
watch: teen walks miles to and from work to take care of mom until coworkers give him amazing surprise
sf library book returned , 100 years overdue
the simon abundance index 2019
tim harris , the only restaurant owner in the country with down syndrome found love , he plans to move to denver to be closer with her and open up a new restaurant .
chinese artist offers flower , kitten tattoos to mums with birth scars
anti vaccination billboard campaign called ' dangerous ' by toronto councillor
friends couldn ' t come to 11 year old ' s birthday party so police , fire , and mayor show up
magic mushroom compound psilocybin could " reset " the brains of depressed people
' the most courageous little creatures ' : toronto butterfly lovers see uptick in monarchs | cbc news
german court allows peruvian farmer to sue rwe over climate change
algeria and argentina have officially eliminated malaria . that means there are now 38 countries free from one of humanity ' s most devastating killers
police rescue autistic boy ' s birthday party
u . s . border officer revives baby girl who stopped breathing
over the past seven years , ducks unlimited canada has conserved 650 , 000 acres of habitat , and positively influenced 96 million more acres . this is one of the most significant conservation achievements in history .
at 80 , first time bride weds 95 year old widower ' worth waiting for '
letter only addressed to " grandma " finds its way thanks to social media
safyre gets over 1 million letters
high school students surprise world war ii veteran with diploma 73 years later
asylum seeker student ' s university dreams revived after offers flood in sri lankan tamil soumi gopalakrishnan fled from her home country to australia four years ago
greek researchers invented an effective tool , called radar , for early detection screening of dyslexia . 10 minute test trials show more than 94% accuracy .
bill gates said in a recent keynote address that hes confident the world will develop cancer therapies that can control all infectious diseases . together with his wife melinda , the couple has invested billions in companies over the last decade to develop such therapies .
one partially deaf man used photography to bring cheer to 500 children with cancer &amp; disabilities
a stranger walks into a school and pays off all overdue lunch balances
176 pairs of shoes donated for at risk teens
afghan girls robotics team that was initially denied visas to the u . s . last summer wins a major competition in europe
dad seeking special sippy cup for autistic son is overwhelmed by response
facebook has suspended accounts of myanmar senior military officials
former bengals dt devon still announces his daughter leah ( who was diagnosed with stage four neuroblastoma in 2014 ) is officially in remission and shows no signs of cancer !
three men who were marooned for days on an uninhabited pacific island were rescued after they aligned palm branches to spell out the word " help .
learner driver assists police officers in a safe arrest .
a man was plotting a mass shooting . his grandmother stopped him and saved lives
pet store worker makes ' wheelchair ' for disabled goldfish
soccer in the streets first subway station field , dubbed station soccer , is getting global attention . the non profit plans on opening 9 more fields at marta stations throughout the city , one as early as this summer .
dog missing since thanksgiving is reunited with owner
the oldest person to graduate from york university will turn 90 in july , and will be attending convocation to receive her degree in womens studies , a process she started in 1978
parents turn life support off but 2 year old cancer baby makes miraculous recovery
iowa make a wish outdoor holiday light show , which raises money to grant wishes for sick kids , cancelled due to winter flooding; local doctors respond with facebook challenge to help raise money to cover organization ' s $200 , 000 losses .
great grandmother and livingston , texas mayor kills 12 foot , 580 pound gator to avenge her miniature horse
iranian soldier lauded after risking life to save dog that was trapped in a mine field , losing a leg in the process
raiders ' marshawn lynch swoops in to save hometown oakland restaurant
greenville county sheriff ' s office responds to every single 911 call , even if it ' s a toddler calling needing help to put on pants
charitable motorcycle enthusiast dedicates life to making children smile
chase bank forgives all outstanding credit card debt for canadian customers after company removed itself from canadian credit card marketplace
local grandpa wins zucchini growing contest , and boy is he happy about it
lakeland dogs rescued from high water infested with fire ants
watch what happens when this autistic boy has a chance to sing his favorite song . . . watch until the end and see how the audience responds
el nido beach is located on the island of palawan and has some of the best coral reefs in the bacuit archipelago , a group of islands known for their photogenic steep cliffs . not only is the beach amazing , but it boasts world class fishing and underwater caverns that are great for diving .
the national parks have never been more popular
youtube bans infowars alex jones for spewing hate speech
north korea to send olympic athletes to south korea , in breakthrough
high school students cheaply reproduced a drug that sells for $750 a dose
inmates break free from cell to save guard having heart attack .
wild tiger populations are rebounding for the first time in a century
man ' s 400 mile drive to help stranger visit dying mother
a veterans race against time to return wwi purple hearts
black sabbath guitarist tony iommi wins battle with cancer
ibm ' s new science for social good program is helping save the world
california sets wind+solar record , 38% of us electricity from rooftops , polysilicon efficiency up , more
' we were both in disbelief , ' couple says of finding crash victim who survived 7 days at bottom of seaside cliff
british tourist saved from attack by stray dog , later returns to greece and adopts him
stop &amp; shop employees got a pay raise and kept their healthcare/retirement benefits after more than 30 , 000 employees went on strike for 10 days , while the company lost millions of dollars .
quirky street signs encouraging pedestrians to perform silly walks in sweden
chick fil a is closed on sundays . but these workers still made food for orlando response effort
emt mows man ' s lawn after he passes out
people in ethiopia are calling strangers in eritrea as phone lines are opened after 20 years
high school student made a club to make sure no one eats lunch alone
a crowd of middle schoolers helped a boy with autism sing " let it go
girls learn how to write , while also learning their rights
indian scientists unlock preterm birth mystery
top steeplechaser monbeg dude , winner of welsh grand national , retires to live on princess royal ' s estate
trump supporter , man he sucker punched at fayetteville rally hug in court , vow to heal america
a woman with two screaming kids on a flight receives the best gift ever from a 52 year old man who knew exactly what she was going through
new orleans principal pays students with 4 . 0 cash and hands out varsity jackets and patches to outstanding students high gpa ' s to treat academia as a sport . nearly 400 students in the school ended up being honored for having gpa of at least 3 . 5
eritrea and ethiopia to re establish ties after over 20 years
montreal nurse makes superhero capes for nicu babies
raising students to believe in their golden hearts the intergalactic messengers
j . k . rowling found out her books helped save this baby ' s life . her response was magic .
a sorority canceled its convention because of hurricane barry . members donated 17 , 000 meals to storm victims
sick dog gets help from an old italian man
texas law legalizing hemp leads to prosecutors dropping marijuana cases
hawaii has decriminalized marijuana
comic legend stan lee to raise money for irma victims
wisconsin boy rescued from sewer after firefighter spots his finger poking out of manhole
india removes criminal penalty for suicide
[article in french] wedding figurines found 25 years later , owner still to be located
china is shutting down its legal ivory trade
uk labour has published a wide ranging strategy for boosting animal welfare in the uk , including enshrining animal sentience in law , reviewing animal testing and banning foie gras .
gamer dr . lupo raises close to 1mil for st . judes hospital in 4 . 5 hours
hero dad fights for life after plunging from balcony to save his son
end of fillings in sight as scientists find alzheimer ' s medicine makes teeth grow back
the sniping scientists whose work saved millions of lives
these guys hand out roses to widows and military wives on valentines day
9 year old boy in florida is being hailed as a hero after he dashed forward and rescued his baby brother who was about falling from a high changing table
cop donates kidney to child she ' d never met
after 10 years in a wheelchair , man with multiple sclerosis receives stem cell treatment , regains ability to walk and dances in viral videos
grandmother donates kidney to a stranger to save her granddaughter ' s life
big issue seller marries woman he met when asking for change
women and sikhism: lessons from guru nanak .
job: cheap flights finder
a student organization at new mexico state university is involved in helping a nonprofit real estate developer construct a sustainable housing community for homeless veterans in alamogordo .
katy perry offers to pay orlando shooting survivor ' s tuition
rescued addo lionesses have cubs
once written off for dead , the aral sea is now full of life
when transplant recipients , cancer patients and domestic violence survivors cant afford transportation costs , these high flying volunteers step in to help
new hope for treating alzheimer ' s ! korean scientists discovered that a molecule can clear plaques from the brains of mice improving learning and memory !
ethiopia plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
nasa ' s new exoplanet hunter snaps 200 , 000+ stars in its first photo
five million dollar grant to help battle homelessness in pa
spanish activists have taken punishing bankers into their own hands in spain a group of ordinary citizens are in the process of dragging one of spain ' s most eminent bankers through the criminal courts for his part in the financial crash of 2008 and for thousands of people losing their savings .
10 year old girl was pulled alive from the rubble 17 hours after the quake struck !
a dry january ( abstaining from booze for a month ) has been shown to create a more balanced and conscious approach to long term alcohol intake , even as much as eight months later .
annadale man with cerebral palsy to earn taekwondo black belt
billionaire microsoft co founder bill gates is to invest $50 million in the dementia discovery fund , a venture capital fund that brings together industry and government to seek treatments for the brain wasting disease .
king arthur flour celebrates one million meals ( and counting ! ) donated to feeding america
woman fitted with ' bionic eye ' speaks of joy after reading a clock for first time in years
kurdish leader calls end to jail hunger strikes in turkey
person gives homemade mosquito repellent to neighbours for free to help prevent zika
ivory coast has adopted a new system of postal addresses that will allow the whole country to receive mail deliveries for the first time .
banksy gives 205 , 000 to human rights and anti arms trade groups
this ceo will give away his bonus to his employees
animal planet tv crew finds man on deserted island: ' he was prepared to die '
nasa happily reports the earth is greener , with more trees than 20 years agoand it ' s thanks to china , india
internet to remain free and fair in india , govt approves net neutrality
st . louis area islamic organization pledges solidarity &amp; assistance following vandalization of local jewish cemetery
rhinos flourish in a south african wildlife park
florida teachers initiative helps pay for young men to attend prom , provide mentorship
town throws wedding for teen with terminal illness
nyu cancels former new yorker fact checker talia lavin ' s journalism class
real life fairy godmother donates prom dresses to less fortunate girls
malaysia to swear in world ' s oldest leader mahathir mohamad , aged 92
awesome kitten rescue !
man finishes 50 state trip to mow lawns for elderly , disabled , and veterans
dolly parton donates $200 , 000 to volunteer firefighters
researchers develop a vaccine that prevents you from being allergic to cats
researchers have found that therapy that can induce heart cells to regenerate after a heart attack .
flight attendant saves passenger from human trafficking
a 7 year old girl asked google for a job and got a personal response from ceo sundar pichai
prosthetic leg gives injured dog maggie new leash on life [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
saudi women are now driving as longstanding ban ends
pentagon advocates requiring women to sign up for military draft
the world has improved by every measure of human flourishing over the past two centuries , and the progress continues .
j . k . rowling explains why volunteering at orphanages is often bad for kids .
man finds $24 million lottery ticket in an old shirt just two days before it expires
cigarette use among american adults is at the lowest it ' s been since the centers for disease control and prevention started collecting data on the issue in 1965 , according to a report .
city of paris to auction grids carrying hundreds of love locks . the money raised will go to charities helping refugees . ( translation in comments )
india pulled 271 million people out of poverty in ten years: un report
finland launches basic income pilot program
cab drivers in liverpool continue 30 year tradition of giving free rides to kids to an amusement park .
[aus , melbourne] flinders st incident ' s off duty sergeant a two time hero
there was a giant water fight in bristol and the fire brigade turned up
this school replaced detention with meditation . the results are stunning .
a six year old ' s letter to the president: " we will give him a family
this is oddly wholesome
my friend ' s house was involved in a massive fire . she assumed her cats didn ' t survive . she was wrong !
tom brady says he won the super bowl for his mom , who has been undergoing chemo
after decades of bad news about worsening obesity rates , especially among children , there seems to be some good news coming out of leeds and other deprived areas of england , where programs put in place over the last 10 years have had measurable success in reducing childhood obesity rates
learning to swim: melbourne ' s recent migrants introduced to the ocean at brighton beach many of the afghani , sudanese and ethiopian migrants had never been to the beach before
walking on sunshine: idaho company debuts solar sidewalks
russia to ban capture of killer whales and belugas in 2019
amazing sax player is 84 and spends his days jazzing up parking lot for shoppers
youtube star daddyofive loses custody of two children featured in ' prank ' video ( x post from /r/news )
14 year old sells enough cupcakes to take his family to disney world
an post are rolling out a new service for homeless people in ireland to give them addresses
toys ' r ' us: someone spent $1 million on toys right before stores went out of business cnn
' harambe mcharambeface ' wins chinese zoo ' s gorilla naming contest
charges dropped against woman whose baby was ripped from her by nypd officers
boy unearths lost treasure of 10th century danish king
seaweed could help reduce plastics polluting our oceans
norwegian fighter jet helps save dying patient
man spends $65k traveling 17 countries to photograph every single war grave and offers the photos to family members for free
scj ruth b . ginsburg out of hospital and " doing great
sick 5 year old gets his stolen gift back
homeless man stands in rain for hours to guard stranger ' s cash
grocery store customers in california raise money to buy car for courtesy clerk
couple ' s dog goes missing a year and a half ago . turns up alive and well
woman becomes us navy ' s first female seal candidate
mango leaves: indian scientists solution to a $2 . 5 trillion global shipping problem | a team of indian scientists has developed a compound from the leaf of the mango tree that can protect ships from rusting , more efficient than synthetic paints while also being non toxic and environment friendly .
nike signs runner with cerebral palsy
adorable children leave envelopes of money taped to s . f . parking meters
' water is life ' : unexpected rainfall revives iraq ' s historic marshlands
coquille ( oregon ) school district says goodbye to its favorite teacher
a petition to have a full military honors burial for peter wang , a marjory stoneman douglas high school hero and jrotc member last seen holding the door open for his fellow classmates , reaches 17 , 000 signatures .
' coffee filter ' helps make new cancer drug z endoxifen 1 , 000 times cheaper
oksana chusovitina , 43 years old , earns vault silver medal at asian games
barack obama brings christmas cheer to a group of middle schoolers
scientists successfully remove alzheimer ' s from mice
cop saves neighborhood playtime with gift out of the blue ( watch )
police dash cam shows officer saving 3 year old boy
new service responds to concerning posts online and offers free , anonymous support
london fashion week to go fur free for the first time
robots are invading your kids classroom
a local football match took on significant meaning for supporters this weekend as war torn aleppo saw its first live game in five years .
younger bishops ready to take action after vatican summit on sex abuse
dad listens to late daughter ' s heartbeat
no mans sky players build bases for alzheimer charity
a man tried to jump off a detroit overpass . then 13 truckers saved him .
hero taxi driver saves baby ' s life in primark
dc united player wayne rooney surprises diweni jituboh with tickets to manchester united vs watford in march . the 16 year old was an accomplished player who saw her career cut short after being diagnosed with osteosarcoma .
former slave escaped to us , went on to compete twice in the olympics , joins air force to give back
community spirit ! ! !
mountain lion rescued from 50 feet above home in southern california
71 year old army veteran graduates with class of 2017
at a large midwestern high school , almost 40 percent of low income biology students were poised to fail the course . instead , thanks to simple measures aimed at reducing test anxiety , that failure rate was halved .
psychology tattoos at workplace: study shows long held stigmas associated with having visible tattoos are now eroding and workers with visible tattoo now don ' t face any sort of discrimination in their employment , wages or earnings .
the u . s . marine who saved a kitten in the middle of a war and then had the kitten save him
83% of america ' s top high school science students are the children of immigrants
humanity finds a way
while other businesses took advantage of hurricane irma with ridiculous price surges for water &amp; gas , google ' s phone service is crediting floridian customers with $20 to stay connected with loved ones and not worry about overages .
inside the japanese bar where you are served by a macaque monkeys waiter
researchers find genetic cause for alzheimer ' s , possible method to reverse it
generals entertainment cave ! ! ! ! : merry christmas
man accidentally got his testicle trapped in an ikea stool
a good bundle is offering a 151 game charity bundle to " combat some of the ugliness in our world " .
good guy santa
portland ' s city repair project turns neighborhood into ' playborhood ' .
finland woman sacrifices herself to save child from drowninf
police officer saves baby who isn ' t breathing during traffic stop
the power of smiling at people: i smiled at total strangers for a month , and it drastically improved my mood
adorable moment baby sees his father for the first time with his new glasses after the air force captain returned from a two month deployment
brewery offers paid ' paw ternity ' leave for employees with new puppies
man in texas saves his brother and dog in n . c . via twitter
a total of 36 giant panda cubs born in 2017 made their first appearance to the public at the china conservation and research center for the giant panda in southwest china ' s sichuan province .
my 93 year old grandmother had never been on a horse until yesterday !
man who handed in $5000 he found is broken into and his dog stabbed . community raises $3000+ in an hour for surgery . any $ left over from surgery will be donated to local animal shelter .
africa ' s great green wall is successfully reversing desertification
kerela coolie ( luggage carrier ) uses free railway wifi to pass civil services exam
bangladesh to remove the word ' virgin ' from muslim marriage certificates . verdict from countrys top court will see virgin replaced with unmarried on in landmark victory for campaigners .
austin church provides free mom and dad hugs at the pride parade
bellin college students: helping the homeless
6 year old battling rare cancer becomes police chief for a day
neighbours rally to buy house for 89 year old woman who had been evicted
see the moment a 2 year old detroit kidnapping victim was rescued by police
2 year old saves twin brother trapped under dresser
nottingham ' s official robin hood said he had been overwhelmed by donations for maid marian his wife who died of breast cancer
yemen famous actor released after reports of rape and torture by uae guards
young boy ( 12 ) died from scrape in gym but thousands have since been saved
watch: dog gets nike ' faux paw ' after amputation
fear and joy in kurdistan
world war ii pilot ron walesby still going strong and inspiring future generations at 100 his advice: ' eat well , pray , love . '
baby eagle rescued by moline kayakers now on road to recovery at raptor center
young girls inoperable brain tumor mysteriously vanishes without a trace
woman beat rapist with crowbar , knocked him out , prosecutors say
wind project in wyoming envisions coal miners as trainees
refugee athlete who saved 20 lives by pushing boat for 3 hours wins swimming heat at rio olympics sbnation . com
a california judge just dealt a blow to the trump administrations attempt to end daca
millennials are driving the worldwide shift away from meat thanks to shifting tastes amongst those born after 1980 , 70% of the worlds population is reducing meat consumption or leaving meat off the table altogether
first year principal reads a bedtime story on facebook live for her students every tuesday at 7:30 p . m . now she ' s got national attention !
( reposted article ) pink floyd ' s david gilmore sells his guitars for $21 million and donates it all towards fighting climate change .
bee the change local hive adoption program save the bees !
walgreens manager saved a shopper from a sex attack when he heard her screaming in the bathroom and rushed to the rescue
bestof2016 placeholder
uncountable lives saved thanks to 500 donations from one platelet donor
invercargill wonderdog a lifesaver
woman finds lottery ticket worth $470k while doing taxes and just two weeks before it expired
us liver donor marries woman whose life he saved
president obama , the house of representatives , and the senate pass a new bill of rights for sexual assault survivors with unanimous vote .
teenager recovers after being struck by lightning
young giraffe celebrates his first day outside by skipping and dancing
airlines are offering the las vegas region free flights and waiving change fees
home depot workers build lemonade stand for boy with cancer
library of congress names tot who read 1 , 000 books librarian for a day
dad saved by strangers at airport searches to thank them
on being a therapist/helping people heal
hiker lost for 2 weeks in maui forest in hawaii found alive
separated at the border , a mother and child reunite: 60 minutes captures the moment a mother sees her young daughter after nearly 4 months of being apart
beer loving pig left behind during fort mcmurray evacuation found safe
police arrest woman , find baby koala in her backpack
georgia oks providing menstrual products to low income girls , women
ground transport at 760 mph: new hyperloop passenger pod unveiled
before its destruction , most of mosul museum ' s artifacts were saved and replaced with fakes
free clothing hung on streets to help the homeless
endangered giraffe born at chester zoo on boxing day
boy raises $20k for children ' s hospital
nearly half a million syrians have returned home this year: unhcr
after 180 years , beavers return ' home ' to milwaukee river in heart of downtown
portraits of the great war: searching for descendants through art bbc news
american tourist attacked in argentina spent new year ' s eve celebrating with the surgeon who saved his life
lawyer fighting palm oil among 6 to win environmental prize
this made me smile ( x post from r/india )
flight attendant adopts dog who never stopped waiting for her outside hotel
the winners of the best of 2016 have been chosen . help us pick the overall winner !
oakland 10 year old returns lost wallet with adorable note to ' very nice person '
boy who suffered up to 100 seizures a day has none in 300 days after being prescribed cannabis oil
world war ii and d day veteran ' s song " the shores of normandy " is no . 1 on amazon ' s singles chart
dolphin mom adopts whale calf , the first known case of a wild bottlenose mom adopting a calf of another species , as reported in a new study . the orphaned calf even learned to act like a bottlenose dolphin , gaining acceptance into the community .
iceland has made it illegal to pay men more than women
two theranos whistleblowers created a company to help tech entrepreneurs avoid becoming the next elizabeth holmes
man leaves huge donation to animal shelter he never visited
girl with robotic hand throws out 1st pitch at the world series
game of thrones " fans have raised more than $130k for emilia clarke ' s brain injury charity
cookie business started by a woman with down syndrome is booming !
homeless man saves abandoned pup , gets unexpected surprise
everyday people: guide dog gives warrenton man freedom back
chief imam ( who turns 100 on tuesday ) worships with christians at christ the king church on easter sunday
dogs are the new superweapon in the war on poaching
heroic husband digs well for wife after she ' s mocked for using the village well
my dad just renewed his rn license and starts his clinical today ! so proud of him . : )
morehouse university graduation speaker to pay off student loans debt
see who inspires us | meet oliver | boston children ' s hospital
mother saves 8 week old child as tornado tosses them through the air
' tough guy ' farmers stand up to italian mafia and win . .
lost diamond engagement ring surfaces wrapped around garden carrot
india policewoman praised for breastfeeding abandoned baby an indian policewoman is being praised for breastfeeding an abandoned newborn and possibly saving his life in the southern indian state of karnataka .
the university of hawaii system is looking to encourage students who fell just short of earning their degrees . a new pilot program targets " stopped out " students who have some college credits , but no degree .
2018 nobel peace prize awarded to yazidi activist and congolese doctor
son loses partner for $100k esports tournament , dad subs in
rodney the guinea pig is saved from a house blaze by a florida firefighter
community saves couple from wedding catastrophe | local news
for veterans of combat diving , life after the military can lack a sense of purpose . now a nonprofit called force blue is giving these military veterans a new mission , by employing their unique underwater skills to restore ocean health .
woman in florence , italy rescued from being gang raped by 25 men after an immigrant bangladeshi flower seller steps in
australia ' s same sex marriage postal survey: 61 . 6% yes , 38 . 4% no
girl has blunt message for insurance company after brain surgery request denied
colby grad donates $1m for community center
instagram account encourages those with mental illness to share their stories
town rallies around jewish family hit by swastika graffiti
an army of attorneys descends on dulles if people have lost faith in america after last night , come here . youll get it right back .
indiana man with muscular dystrophy travels through europe in friends backpack
elderly irish woman finds bank note worth $62 , 000 and donates it to ' help young people '
little girl asks for christmas cards as she battles cancer
#theredlanyard
science has designed a song that make babies laugh
one womans creative solution to help homeless senior dogs live out their golden years
meet the world ' s oldest family the 13 donnelly siblings whose combined age is 1073 years !
judge says us government can be sued for flint water crisis
advanced polling closes , voters turnout in record numbers
a ghanaian entrepreneur uses recycled plastic to make cheaper roads and building blocks
police searching for children missing from shreveport
coming soon to this space !
car dealership donates suv to mom of disabled man after wheelchair theft
taylor swift donates $1989 to uconn thon for connecticut children ' s medical center
' overweight ' mum runs 250km desert race
over 10 , 000 endangered tortoises are rescued in madagascar international conservationists in madagascar have been treating more than 10 , 000 critically endangered radiated tortoises that were seized from traffickers who had crammed them into a home with no access to food or water .
developments in desalinization promise to end drought and famine using sunshine and seawater
a puppy was trapped in a florida sewer with rain on the way
boy scout returns chris hemsworth ' s lost wallet , gets $10k reward and a letter of recommendation to become an eagle scout
to the person who ran over my dog on nov . 14
israeli nurse breastfeeds palestinian baby after mom is critically injured
new antibody attacks 99% of hiv strains .
bikers help springsteen , stranded on side of road
miniature farm animals helping children and teenagers cope with autism
flight attendant uses secret message to rescue teen girl from human trafficking on calif . flight
the worlds first robot lawyer creates a chatbot program that uses artificial intelligence to fight homelessness
migration of up to 40 , 000 toadlets forces closures in whistler b . c .
young man with down syndrome starts million dollar sock company
we come in peace: snoop dogg , the game lead demonstration at lapd headquarters
stranger raises more than $135k for 89 year old vendor
cats survive months in the wild following fort mcmurray wildfire
muslim woman ' touched ' by anonymous gift
why plants dont die from cancer
nigeria to boldly go where no african country has gone before !
guy throws quinceanera for his dog .
blood donor , 69 , tapped out after giving 333 liters of blood .
good news ! conservationists excited to find surviving barbuda warblers on devastated island
south jones h . s . beta club reads , donates books to kindergartners
island ' s seabirds triple after rat removal
college surprises 8 year old with scholarship
boy with cerebral palsy dresses as beetlejuice for halloween
kidnapped and forced to become child circus performers , a nepalese troupe now scale the heights on their own terms
a missouri powerball winner bought his town a new fire station
rio 2016: games shown in kenyan refugee camp so population can support refugee olympic team
kerala ( india ) police officer merin goes to saudi to nab child rape accused , brings him to india
somaliland criminalizes rape for the first time . rapists now stand to face up to 30 years in prison
88 year old indiana man makes blankets for police to give to children
couple renewing vows years after car wreck robbed husband of his memories
india ' s external debt declines 3 . 6% to $510 . 4 billion at sept end
saw this outside of a church in auckland today and had to share . for those who can ' t read the bottom it says " gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community services sundays 7:30pm
thieves steal woman ' s dog ' s surgery money; friends raise nearly 20k
loud fart gives away suspect ' s hiding spot , leads to arrest
dpd officer kicks in door to save dog from burning home
blind runner finds love with woman who volunteered to train him for marathon
india builds 250 homes in myanmar to assist rohingya
woman wins free pizza for a year and donates every last slice to homeless youth shelter
french woman saved from ' killer mountain '
woman puts motel ' s pet friendly policy to the test with a horse
after losing his right arm at 10 , this artist retaught himself how to draw . as an adult he is a tattoo artist , and he has a custom made prosthesis to help .
north dakota man dedicates life to saving the nokota horse
football player takes it upon himself to help fund the search for a 7 year olds killer .
this breakthrough may be extremely helpful when certain blood types are lacking in a country
california beauty salons , barbershops will soon be allowed to serve wine and beer under new law
these black lives matters protesters planned a march . the police threw them a cookout instead .
new insulin price won ' t top $25 a month out of pocket , cigna says
quick thinking 11 year old thwarts his own kidnapping , police say
bike autobahn: germanys 60 mile highway only for cyclists can serve a regional population of 2 , 000 , 000 people and could reduce the number of cars on the road by as much as 50 , 000 vehicles per day
u . s . military turns to oyster reefs to protect against storms
doctor arranges for cancer patient to drive dream car .
twin stays at the airport after lds mission to await return of his brother
billionaire businessman david koch dead at 79
someone won the lottery and then anonymously donated the winning ticket to charity
after 51 failed surgeries in four european countries and the united states , this dutch boy can finally see again . . . thanks to a doctor in saudi arabia .
my mom took her second grade class to visit and sing to their secretary , who has been out with a broken leg .
california net neutrality passes state assembly
a kenyan engineer developed gloves that translate sign language to audio
' we wouldn ' t be here without you ' : young boys thank adults after near death surf rescue
dog travels 3 , 000 miles to reunite with soldier who saved her life
a georgia sheriff ' s deputy pays off lunch accounts for 150 students
wisconsin governor signs bill into law which requires employers to also provide leave to their employees for the purpose of donating bone marrow or an organ . the bill allows employees to take up to six weeks of leave
breakthrough in cancer research could spawn new treatments
boy with autism helps rescue dogs get socialized by reading to them
9 year old pays off lunch debt for his entire third grade class
chile has just voted to become the first country in the americas to ban plastic bags from stores across the country in an effort to reduce unnecessary waste . in an unprecedented national measure , the chilean senate passed a bill to prohibit the use of plastic bags for store purchases .
a police officer drove a man to a job interview after pulling him over
u . s . marine corps delivers christmas cheer , gifts and more to havasupai reservation
good news
iowa natives battle blisters , nor ' easter and encounter loads of kindness in cross country walk for veterans
chance the rapper is giving away free groceries for a year
nurse adopts girl born drug dependent from hospital where she works
iranian women protest against strict hijab laws by posting flying hair photos
after losing her daughter to fentanyl , this mother finds solace and community with her daughter ' s friends
after 60 year friendship , 2 men find out they ' re brothers
wifes anniversary card to husband contains $55k missouri lottery scratchers winner
waste management workers rescue dozens of holiday orders , and some guy ' s job , after $10 , 000 in jewelry was tossed into a garbage truck
donald trump won ' t appeal ' muslim travel ban '
boy in tears during martial arts test gets heartwarming pep talk
south africa is training 51 , 000 unemployed people to become kindergarten teachers
kind cop buys food for famished homeless woman , helps get her motel room during storm
chemotherapy free cancer vaccine moves from mice to human trials at stanford
boy , 5 , becomes real life super hero after rescuing brother , 2 , from fiery crash
fort mcmurray cat survives wildfire while hiding in stove
austin fire department rescues kitten from the side of a busy road
after 29 years waiting for his chance , danny ofallon and team win division title . danny never gave up even after being diagnosed with stage 4 cancer .
four people are " fortunate to be alive " after being rescued from the sea off the coast of north yorkshire by a human chain: ' it is only through good fortune that all four were rescued alive '
there is too much common sense and independence in america to be long the dupe of any faction , foreign or domestic . " thomas paine , 1802
a four legged lifesaver: meet wrenn the diabetic alert dog
wind power sets new record: briefly provides majority of electricity for 14 state grid
in the last five years , kenya ' s poaching rates have dropped by 85% for rhinos and 78% for elephants
teen with hodgkins lymphoma becomes canadian pm for a day
war ends in colombia
britney spears giving clothes off her back for louisiana ' s flood victims
homeless man says hipster makeover changed his life
what strangers did to get suburban woman her wedding ring back
85 year old us navy veteran takes up tap dancing lessons
hart to heart: helping the homeless on savannahs southside
four boys drop everything to save abandoned dog tied with bungee cord
meet australia ' s oldest dancer and choreographer abc news ( australian broadcasting corporation )
australia confirms its own jurassic park with huge dinosaur footprints
back it up terry gets new wheelchair and van years after viral fireworks video
two complete strangers teamed up and have helped rescue more than 100 horses from evacuated ranches in the northern california wildfires
husband of kerala nurse who died of nipah donates first salary to flood hit state
guinness will stop using plastic in beer multipacks
' suddenly it was total mayhem ' : australian inventors celebrate success of revolutionary bee hive
india rescues 10 , 000 starving workers in saudi
zika epidemic sheds light on brazil ' s ' invisible children '
oklahoma game warden saves unborn fawn by performing emergency c section on dead doe
heartwarming story of a dog who walked 600km to keep a sabarimala pilgrim company
metro sex trafficking sting rescues nearly 160 children , authorities say
nurses reunite , with roles switched , decades later
france becomes first country to ban all five pesticides linked to bee deaths
teen does the honorable thing after finding lost wallet with $1 , 600 inside
irh grandparents mrrd fr 48 r grdut with phds n rhlg . .
i will be your friend " : 6 year old boy picks kind message for back to school shirt
public donations for victims ' families of christchurch shootings .
puppy inducted into hero ' s hall of fame
' miracle ' cat rescued , reunited with family after spending days in freezing temperatures on top of a 60 ft tree
the stunning winners of the panoramic photography awards revealed
local man donates his late mother ' s furniture to flood victims
jadeveon clowney receives numerous trash cans from heckling fans , proceeds to fill trash cans with toys for kids in need
iraqi refugee finds love with macedonian border guard
once afraid of ivs , girl invents teddy bear pouches to hide them
crayola garden harvest feeds the needy , and sets a record
rescuers use pet microchip to reunite dog with owner
florida man breaks guinness world record . gets on tv news . becomes local celebrity . doesn ' t actually exist . makes the world more magical .
london marathon runner carried over line by fellow runner
silly baby panda falls flat on its face during public debut of 23 giant panda cubs in china . ( it was perfectly fine after . )
new orleans principal pays students with 4 . 0 cash and hands out varsity jackets and patches to outstanding students high gpa ' s to treat academia as a sport . nearly 400 students in the school ended up being honored for having gpa of at least 3 . 5
crispr is on the cusp of moving from the lab to patients: genetic surgery offers new hope to those suffering from debilitating disorders .
cuban pilot freed after serving longest us marijuana sentence
oldie but the kind of feels we all need right now police officer responds to call from teen threatening to leave home , finds family in financial straits , buys teen and his brother new furniture .
a jimmy john ' s driver delivered an ailing veteran who dialed the wrong number to the emergency room
springfield hs alum donates $1 million to honor his lunch lady mom , bus driver mother in law
child is given his own parking space in random act of kindness
this is what happened when a lonely 90 year old wrote a letter to a stranger
retired couple , who started repatriation charity following son ' s hit and run death , win 1m in lottery
nigerian charity steps in to help sick chibok girls
finally ! fans rejoice
man adopts dog with cancer so he can experience a loving home in his final days
iridium , a rare metal on earth from the meteorite that may have wiped out dinosaurs , attached to albumin , a protein in our blood , can penetrate into the nucleus of cancer cells and destroy them when blasted with light , finds a new in vitro study . it may be applied locally and in smaller doses .
in turkey , every day is caturday: cats are top dog
the research on belly button , home remedies for belly button
aurora man turns in wallet with $4 , 000 inside to police
firefighters revive family dog by cpr .
rspca worker braves precarious ice to save whimpering dog trapped in frozen river for an hour
friendship of tiger and goat tugs at russia ' s heartstrings
stray dog helps truck driver rescue rabbit
couple living in retirement home celebrate 61st anniversary and share secret to a happy marriage
humpback whales experiencing a ' baby boom ' near antarctica . rising birthrates !
soldier surprises kindergarten daughter at school after being deployed for a year
a great move in the right direction !
pensioner who loves dancing and mountain walks will soon turn 104
dallas residents help rescue police officer after crash
manchester ( uk ) council is buying up houses for the growing homeless population and fire stations are opening for somewhere warm for them to sleep this winter
manchester attack survivor takes in daughter of friend who was killed , vowing not to let hate win
dutch police arrest 7 suspected of plotting terror attack national
family spends hour reviving kitten next to fire place , after finding it buried in the snow .
churches bring huge donation to portlands overflowing family shelter
amazing rescue ! drowning 2 year old saved by hotel manager &amp; police officer
born before 22 weeks , ' most premature ' baby is now thriving
teen takes first walk in the park 6 years after he was paralyzed: ' i haven ' t given up yet '
athlete sacrifices career to save a life
a legendary ozark chestnut tree , thought extinct , is rediscovered
hollywood star keanu reeves secretly finances childrens hospitals
drake surprises 11 year old girl awaiting heart transplant at chicago hospital
putin and trump talk on phone and agree to improve ties , kremlin says
world ' s oldest living person celebrates 117th birthday
will braden runs catvideofest a project that raises thousands of dollars for animal shelters
some young bikers see a burning farmhouse , so they stop and rescue 3 dogs and a cat !
subway riders come together to help man late for job interview toronto
couple donates $5 million to riverview medical center
a soldier says a stranger ' s christmas card got him through vietnam . he just met the sender
the university of montana has , for the first time , partnered with a local brewery to create a branded beer that will benefit an alcohol abuse awareness and prevention program as well as a late night downtown missoula bus shuttle .
a michigan center 19 year old , who was previously in the guinness book of world records for world ' s tallest teenager , has finally found a pair of shoes that fit his size 28 feet .
germany ' s ambitious plan to reduce plastic !
optical scanning technology lets researchers recover lost indigenous languages from old wax cylinder recordings
when you really love your pet duck
supermarket keeps retraining employee with dementia so she can continue working
feds can ' t force you to unlock your iphone with finger or face , judge rules
when conservation is committed to , species are brought back from the brink
a day without murder: no one is killed in el salvador for the first time in 2 years
the last two known dancing bears have just been rescued in nepal
' bag ladies ' make plastic bags into beds for homeless
looking to declaw your cat ? dont look in new york anymore
the man who visited every country in the world: i don ' t want to look back at my life and feel like i waste it
cats like interacting with humans more than eating food , say scientists
woman shoplifts ingredients to make birthday cake for her son , cop picks up the tab
china bans its notorious ivory trade
syrian mans heartwarming act of kindness for broke dallas mom
solar + wind met nearly 9% of u . s . power demand in 2018 solar output grew 25% and met 2 . 4% of all u . s . electric demand last year . but despite dramatic gains in emerging markets , only california , nevada and hawaii are meeting more than 10% of demand with in state solar .
he was shot helping people during the las vegas shooting . his heroics helped his photo go viral .
meet barbie ! adorable amputee poodle teaches herself to walk on hind legs after motorcycle crash
duck gets 3 d printed prosthetic leg thanks to 8th grade students
cow who escaped new york slaughterhouse finds sanctuary
china ' s moon mission sees first seeds sprout
self driving buses are moving closer to becoming a fixture of japanese life with a cabinet office trial to test one of the vehicles on a public road in heavily congested okinawa prefecture .
colorado is launching a first in the country apprenticeship program thats designed to let students earn it all: a diploma , a degree , and a middle class wage . the best part ? its free .
high school students on a mission to help new kids and outsiders feel accepted
rspca nsw drops all pet adoption fees to 29 for three days
brisbane ' s aunty peggy continues to welcome us officers to australia 80 years on
owner of the milwaukee bucks herb kohl gives $2000+ bonuses to every member of the bucks organization and worker at the bmo harris bradley center .
skin patch that can power a radio with sweat created
' baby buns ' leaves hospital days before his 1st birthday
hacked from facebook ? you may be entitled $8 , 000 .
intern ' s efforts bring 3 , 000 attendees to funeral of vietnam veteran who had no living relatives
target unveils clothing for kids with special needs .
millennials give more generously to charity , study says
101 year old finally gets to attend prom
american soldier gives her invictus games gold medal to the uk hospital team that saved her life .
bernie sanders proposes total elimination of student debt
nature play runs experimental pilot program to encourage ' free range kids ' in communities
ohio makes ' shelter pets ' the official state pet to raise awareness about animal adoption
loyal dog protects companion from passing trains as it lies injured on snowy tracks
costa rica doubled its forest cover in just 30 years: after decades of deforestation , costa rica has reforested to the point that half of the countrys land surface is covered with trees again .
jewish boys help save drowning man who has swastika tattoo
[deleted by user]
jeb bush shares old love letter from george h . w . bush to barbara in touching speech at funeral
' secret santa ' donates christmas packages to area inmates
trooper saves 3 lost siblings bicycling on freeway on 110 degree day
wolverhampton homeless man elated on cctv after being offered job
gamers meet in real life at bedside of terminally ill friend .
senate overwhelmingly passes bill expanding 9/11 victims compensation fund
anonymous donor gives $25 million to childrens hospital los angeles
how uber secretly lobbied for women to drive in saudi arabia
canadian scientists figure out how to preserve vaccines without refrigeration a potential public health game changer
united states house votes , 420 to 0 , to demand public release of mueller report
today would have been spike milligan ' s 100th birthday
pet saves lady from bullet
french food waste law changing how grocery stores approach excess food two years ago , france introduced a law to force supermarkets to donate unsold food to charities and food banks . skeptics called it unworkable at the time , but there are signs the effort is succeeding .
el chapo guzman promises out of the goodness of his heart not to kill any jurors in his trial
deer rescued after falling into pond while running from dog
nypd fires officer at center of the death of eric garner , who said i cant breathe
an anti trump disabled boy was booed at a rally . the next day , he got to meet president obama .
beloved cat will keep his job at the local library after international backlash
incredible dog rescue caught on camera after pooch plunges down 5m hole in county park
man collapses dead on first date , saved by respiratory therapist he was out with
lamb born with no wool given fluffy fleece
german shepherd takes rattlesnake bite to protect a 7 year old girl
new york public library brings literary classics to instagram
teen drives 3 . 5 hours to deliver pizza to dying man
imams and vicars play interfaith cricket match dubbed " love of the roses
lost 66 employees in the 9/11 attacks has now sent 54 children of their fallen colleagues to college
the internet gave this grieving mom a touchingly beautiful christmas present
three weeks ago , jews handed keys to their synagogue to muslims after texas mosque burned down . today , muslims raise over $80k for vandalized st . louis jewish cemetery .
' i love my scars ' women bare their scars and the stories behind them for a photography series by sophie mayanne called behind the scars .
lebanese lawmakers set to scrap law forgiving rapists who marry victim
irish mosque opens its doors to homeless people amidst the first hurricane to hit ireland in fifty years
detroit pistons ' owner tom gores pledges $10m to help resolve flint water woes
football stab victim invited to iceland by icelandic football fans
congress is finally working to defund civil asset forfeiture
on nuisance call , buffalo cop joins kids ' football game instead of ending it .
the prince of dubai orders stunt drivers to clean the streets of the city .
humboldtcrash survivor receives service dog to help with ptsd
free music lessons for at risk youth in a michigan town help everyone involved
rabbi in synagogue shooting attack made an uplifting video for his fellow congregants
cougar kitten gets new lease on life at greater vancouver zoo
dutch supermarket introduces a unique chat checkout to help fight loneliness amongst the elderly
us singer chris brown arrested in paris after rape complaint
indias skateboarding scene is filled with women atita verghese fights for equality on skateboards
food pantries encourage healthier donations
fed up with their employeras scam , two indian call center workers called ftc
craft and homemade beer bash raises scholarship money for children attending elgin park programs
15 year old boy saves dying swan by giving it mouth to mouth
' forrest gump ' star gary sinise receives heartwarming tribute video from celebrities , veterans thanking him for charity work
india spends $7 billion to increase forest cover .
mommy goose kept pecking cop until he decided to follow her . . . and found her trapped baby
couple surprises lisbon grandmother raising triplets with $300 tip on $33 bill
these kids playing quidditch in a remote himalayan village will make any harry potter fan smile !
adopt a doll rescues , restores , and donates barbies to disadvantaged kids
a waitress takes time to cut elderly diners ham . kind act wins her a college scholarship
ashton kutcher going before the united states senate committee on foreign relations on ending modern slavery and human trafficking .
marijuana pepsi: the woman who defied her bullies
hero dog returns home after snake attack
after 46 years , illinois ratifies era
my disabled son the nobleman , the philanderer , the detective
breakthrough blood test set to help doctors diagnose chronic pain
ted founder richard wurman on what makes a day interesting*
video of 92 year old woman listening to willie nelson song she wrote goes viral
tamil nadu , a state in southern india , generates record wind power , and is forced to shut down thermal plants
kirk douglas turns 99 with a party and a $15 million birthday gift
bronx charity founder wants to pay bail for poor defendants nationwide
' i just need some prayer ' : first responders stop to pray with woman in distress
a member of the italian coast guard has saved the life of a small drowned kitten at the weekend by performing mouth to mouth resuscitation and cpr .
honest people are the majority
pet rock fest donates thousands to animal charities
california chef fighting childhood hunger serves 3 millionth meal [bruno serato , anaheim white house restaurant in anaheim , california]
obama joked about opening a t shirt shack in hawaii that only sold medium sized , white t shirts . someone decided to open it for him .
former homeless man rewarded with double promotions and " employee of the year " award after distinguishing himself where he got a job
county breaks ground on state of the art homeless shelter
dark horse comics reverses its anti trans healthcare stance , will insure trans employees
clean sweep: janitor sends five kids to college for free
billionaire robert f smith to pay entire us class ' s student debt
palestinian firefighting teams offer to help put out israeli wildfires
postal worker marks 100th gallon of donated blood: hes saved over 1 , 500 lives
george r . r . martin says hbos game of thrones ending wont influence future novels
' barack obama day ' is now an illinois holiday
canadian supermarkets to give leftover stock to food banks
lyndsey was diagnosed with cancer while being treated for deadly meningitis but now has the all clear: ' i was just 25 and i wasn ' t ready to die yet '
officer becomes godfather after saving choking baby ' s life
what happened when an orthodox jewish congregation went to a gay bar to mourn orlando
john barrowman posts video after target told him he couldnt buy clothes for homeless man outside
ca governor has approved a state budget that includes $5 million for a program to discount fresh produce at farmers ' markets for low income shoppers .
several countries in the eu propose to devote 25% of the eu budget on fighting climate change , and become carbon neutral by 2050 .
california man donates 150th gallon of blood . he has been donating his platelets , ( blood cells that help control bleeding ) , 24 times a year for the last 40 years .
locals donate thousands of books to charity after big fire
wigan athletic player subbed off at half time for son ' s birth after scoring twice
with the flip of a coin , vance melton found a new job , a new home and a new family
new york is sixth state to outlaw gay and trans ' panic defenses '
when ryker the dog needed surgery , these second graders came to his rescue
openly gay man on track to be ireland ' s youngest ever prime minister
kaytranada wins 2016 polaris music prize for his album 99 . 9%
a 10 year old girl is going around passing out pay it forward bracelets to spread kindness .
dying woman makes online dating profile for husband
nurses and doctors ran from local hospital to victims of london terror attack
egyptian becomes first female arab to pilot a380
arabs offer to rebuild israeli synagogue destroyed in fires , refuse payment
a girl i grew up with lost 230 lbs in a year
12 year old stops carjacker from driving away with younger sister: ' i would ' ve been heartbroken '
teacher takes student who lost her father to father daughter dance
north river fire department rescues horse from swimming pool prince edward island
20 good news stories you may have missed in 2016
denmark set to become latest european country to ban the burqa
flint schools receive water stations , filtration systems from billionaire elon musk
how camouflaged birds decide where to blend in
new england man has donated blood over 500 times
new insect discovered in canada may be survivor from the last ice age
actor kal penn raises $160k in few hours for syrian refugees after being told he ' doesn ' t belong in america '
u . s . top court rejects nestle bid to throw out child slavery suit
delta waives all baggage fees for flights from cities affected by hurricane irma
' a little miracle ' : dutch statesman ' s diary found 200 years after it was lost
fire breaks out at pet shop . bystanders jump into action , saving all 86 puppies .
a boys video camera floated away in england . he got it back 4 months later in germany and it still worked: the 10 year old was reunited with his camera , which was still functional thanks to its waterproof casing , after footage from the day it was swept away was posted on facebook .
and again during a capturing event . . help us save the net
justin trudeau scores a stunning draw in handshake domination battle with donald trump
amid hurricane irma prep , florida man offers generator to stranger in need
lioness survives being gored . patched up by vet to return to pride and 3 cubs .
not sure if this has been posted , but as norma passed away today here ' s the sweet story of her last days with her best friend .
cat calendar featuring russian orthodox priests goes viral
identical twin toddlers go viral after perfectly re enacting scene from frozen
opposing coaches and players console little league pitcher after walk off
disabled veteran reunited with dog that was stolen along with van
eat up: the price of a thanksgiving meal is at a five year low
imam khamenei ' s visit to christian martyr ' s family
matt is dancing around the world again . . . vote and support ( by way of the oatmeal ) !
' who wants pizza ? ' : westjet pilot buys food for stranded air canada passengers
irish teen wins 2019 google science fair for removing microplastics from water using oil and magnetite powder to create a ferrofluid in the water containing microplastics . after the microplastics is bound to the ferrofluid , a magnet is used to remove the solution and leave only water .
openai , musk ' s non profit that aims to develop safe ai , signaling expansion: " free from financial obligations , we can better focus on a positive human impact . we believe ai should be an extension of individual human wills and , in the spirit of liberty , as broadly and evenly distributed as possible .
lightsaber dueling officially recognized as a sport in france
law offices of vasilaros | wagner are giving away 1 , 000 free " kids at play " signs to promote neighborhood road safety . happy new years ! be safe !
new york city goes an entire weekend with no shootings for the first time in decades
brothers surprise mother with dream bmw ! very heart warming
less than two months after being separated from her sister in a seven hour surgery , a formerly conjoined twin is back home . one year old anna grace richards was discharged from texas children ' s hospital on march 2 after spending 428 days there .
this woman found out a dad at her kid ' s hockey games was dying , and saved his life with an organ transplant
central florida muslims open free health clinic
this australian fire has been burning for more than 6 , 000 years
after blizzard cancelled flights , texas reps take ' bipartisan road trip ' to d . c .
sen . cory booker brought back pot legalization bill from 2017 , which would help to rectify the impact of the war on drugs on communities of color
rescue giraffe becomes friend with baby elephants .
bees voted to be the most important living beings on earth
nepal chooses kindness ending the world ' s largest animal sacrifice event
ctv news: estevan boy raises thousands for jim pattison childrens hospital in charity steer auction
dunno if this has been posted here already , but here you go
' stranger things ' fans crash local museum ' s website buying $400 , 000 worth of dinosaur hoodies
rosie had demodectic mange , was 28 lbs . , and very scared . thanks to vet ranch she has been given a new life
' he has moved incredibly quickly ' : mueller nears trump endgame | us news
a japanese baby believed to be the smallest surviving boy ever when he was born at 258 grams in october , left nagano children ' s hospital saturday growing and healthy
' thank god i ' m here ' : dallas man ' s mission is to keep his neighborhood park clean
dc police officers surprise mother of slain officer before her annual holiday meal feeding 300+ officers
lost cat reunited with owner after 10 years
anthony bourdain quietly helped a kid fighting leukemia make his dream trip to find the world ' s best seafood
the german council of economic experts says country ' s working hours law is out of step with times and concept of normal work day should be " loosened . " " the idea that you begin your working day in the morning in the office and end it when you leave the company ( in the late afternoon ) is outmoded .
paralyzed woman completes england ' s 10 mile great south run in bionic suit
cleveland indians fans rally together and buy wedding gifts for rookie pitcher who made his 2nd start in a series winning playoff game . . . and won
california requires trump tax returns under new election law
he owns 12 mcdonald ' s franchises in wisconsin . here ' s how he uses them to help the community
polish officials decide that russian family will not be handed over to sweden
brooklyn man who grabbed womanas hijab is charged with a hate crime
seattle women ' s marchers donate $10 , 000 to food bank along route
n adorable pup is being hailed a hero for saving an 87 year old woman from minnesota ' s sub zero weather .
south fulton , georgia has the nations first justice system run entirely by black women
an 11 year old has become ' america ' s top young scientist ' for her sensor detecting lead in water
nice
not even fame could break this kitten and puppy ' s bond
beyond opioids: how a family came together to stay together
former radical turned reformist muslim , maajid nawaz founded quilliam , the worlds first counter extremist organization , in 2008 . focus is on empowering voices within islam to promote pluralism ( acceptance of multiple readings of the koran ) and thereby to end extremism . short biography in comments .
[former refugee] syrian chocolatier opens factory in antigonish
large police presence unnecessary at peaceful milo yiannopoulos protest at cal poly san luis obispo
stranger literally gives shirt off his back to man on nyc subway
albuquerque police officer adopts a homeless addicts baby after a chance on duty encounter
a taste of coexistence: how a palestinian and an israeli found friendship through food
christians and muslims inseparable brothers in kurdistan village
i just went for it great granddad denis ( 84 ) hailed a hero after fighting off armed raiders in viral video
no more slurping through plastic straws in san francisco; plastic straws , stirrers , and toothpick ban ordinance passed takes effect starting july 1 , 2019
poor rickshaw puller planted a tree everyday for the last 48 years
fourteen year old abby sits down to play " somewhere over the rainbow " with her hero , chris hadfield , for her sunshine dream .
houston police officer replaces ill mans stolen groceries
florida couple who opened their mansion to 70 foster kids during irma continues to help: were not stopping
adorable twin lion cubs born at gaza strip zoo
not only is he a great player but hes a good person donovan mitchell stopped to save a car crash victim before scoring 31 in playoff win
brilliant interview made me pause in my day to hear this from a 12 yo boy
harlem shake creators threaten to sue fcc for copyright infringement
muslims lend christians hijabs to help them escape isis in disguise in the philippines
malachi ' s magnificent lemonade raises more than $7 , 000 for family of fallen boone county deputy
viral hindu muslim , india pak lesbian couple celebrates anniversary with new pics . they are stunning
country time lemonade to help pay fines , permit fees for kids lemonade stands
this vet had a heart attack in september . animal control took his dogs &amp; gave them to a shelter , who put them up for adoption . once he was better , he realized he could not pay the fee to get them back . so , some workers raised money for him . here he is finding out he will get his best friends back .
little known smartphone feature that lets blind people see with their fingers
the refillery store sells shampoo , detergent , lotion and other stuff by the ounce , so you don ' t have to use disposable plastic bottles
stolen calves reunited with their moms at a sanctuary .
these nuns built a lovely little chapel . right in the way of a pipeline . on purpose .
hero reunites with little girl he saved from drowning on her birthday
deputies rescue deer from mississippi
leeds breast cancer poster attracts supportive graffiti bbc news
2 year old girl missing for more than 24 hours on family camping trip found safe
huntington ' s breakthrough may stop disease
kids donate nearly 60 , 000 plushies to helsinki rescue department
family reunites with dog that disappeared during the deadly camp fire
3 years after her son died in a car accident , mother hears his heartbeat in the omaha man he saved
churches in shetland shutting down !
cape town aquarium releases its most iconic loggerhead turtle
he is 80 years old , has suffered a heart attack and quadruple bypass , but on monday this spanish grandfather will head off to start a new semester as an erasmus student in italy .
usda ceases experiments on kittens for food safety research at maryland laboratory , discontinues research with cats .
long lost uncle found after couple give hockey tickets to homeless man , picture goes viral
dna test unites man with daughter he never knew existed
the man who redeems lost veterans
for separated twins ' parents , a special thanksgiving
california dispatches goats to eat brush , prevent wildfires
oglala sioux tribe legalizes same sex marriage
kidnapping averted as 8 year old ' hero ' pulls sister from moving car , police say
the whisper challenge
meet panda the miniature guide horse saved by her blind owner
14 year old becomes a life saver of 5 year old boy after falling off 15 foot cliff
people in need in brixton can now go visit the " community fridge " to pick up food donated by local businesses
heroic teacher saves countless lives by subduing a school shooter
school is out ( side ) : a vermont public school plan to use the forest as the classroom
inmates break out of cell to save guard ' s life
hall of fame quarterback jim kelly discharged from hospital
how life got more complicated when charlie gilmour rescued a baby magpie
health . mil tragedy of boston terrorist bombings forges lasting bonds
indian man fulfills lifelong dream to meet prince william and princess kate
feeding cows one really stand out species of red seaweed would slash global greenhouse gas emissions x/post from r/worldnews
duplin animal shelter overwhelmed by responses to help condemned dogs , cats
scott pruitt resigns as head of the epa
copenhagen restaurant noma makes dishwasher ali sonko a partner
veteran who lost leg in afghanistan helps change colin powell ' s tire on capital beltway
juilliard students greet westboro baptist protesters with music and singing
hiker accidentally unearths extremely rare gold coin in israel
' world ' s unluckiest elephant ' is finally freed in a ' dangerous ' rescue mission after spending 50 years in chains in india
two days in an underwater cave running out of oxygen bbc news
stray dogs save an abandoned newborn baby
donnie wahlberg leaves a $2 , 000 tip for waffle house servers
rangers free 6 trapped baby elephants in thailand
syrian town breaks ramadan fast with iftar among rubble
pennsylvania man ' s lifelong dream to ride in a firetruck and activate the siren was realized on his 97th birthday .
10 arrested in france for planning attacks on muslims
graphene sieve turns seawater into clean drinking water and the technology can be scaled up
turtle saved at port canaveral still healing at seaworld
local officer sees mother in need and offers help instead of a ticket .
scientists testing hiv cure report ' remarkable ' progress after patient shows no sign of virus following treatment
watch: video shows syrias white helmets pull two children from rubble national
birthday girl ' s wish to help homeless comes true
this woman is spending 50 hours living in a box to raise awareness of autism
david gilmours guitars sell for millions at charity auction
new mexico: police officer honored for adopting baby from opioid addicted mom
montana fire department rescues dog who got his head wedged in wheel
unable to bear children , saalumarada thimmakka wanted to commit suicide in her 40s . at 106 , she receives the padma shri for planting thousands of trees in karnataka .
first same sex couples register intent to marry in australia
elderly woman dies protecting her kitty during killer tornado miraculously the cat survives
hiv eliminated from the genomes of living animals
circulating image depicting the thai coach protecting his kids in the cave .
dozens of gaelic names for scottish shellfish published under heritage agencys drive to promote use of the fragile language . 85 strong list unveiled as part of joint project between scottish national heritage and gaelic development body bord na gaidhlig .
anti jihad ramadan advert preaching " love not terror " goes viral in middle east
library collects 500 pounds recycling , earns bench
children saved from trafficking by concerned co passengers tweet to government officials .
dutch prisons are closing because the country is so safe
hope for little boy who was left paralysed from the chin down after contracting virus
77 year old custodian gifted with surprise first ever birthday party
300 union plumbers spent the weekend installing water filters for flint residents for free
faa approves ethanol based biojet fuel as an alternative to petroleum jet fuel
after several no show playdates , police officers and firefighters show up at the playground to give an autistic boy his ' best day ever '
dustbin man builds free library of thrown away books
the scales have tipped in the fight against aids , with aids related deaths almost halving since 2005 and more than half of people infected with hiv now getting treatment , the united nations has said .
monique , the hen who is sailing around the world
a swedish woman had a baby using her mom ' s transplanted uterus
bernie sanders at 40% chance to win ohio primary , up from 11% before michigan
china plans the world ' s longest rail tunnel to connect mainland and taiwan with high speed trains
teenage cashier saving for college pays customers grocery bill at texas walmart
christchurch company offers to pay for a $5000 funeral after dying man is scammed by another funeral company .
driver finds 43 , 000 and returns it back to it ' s owner
former portland teacher pinches pennies , leaves school $1 million for scholarship
41 year old gymnast oksana chusovitina set to compete in seventh olympics
in kenyon , the police chief knows demons , desperation and hope
in key sierra measure , california registers thickest snowpack in years
somalia ' s new love affair with books ramps up as safety returns to the country
good samaritan drives 2000km round trip to rescue family stranded in outback australia .
canada has banned whales , dolphins and porpoises in captivity , as well as the trade , possession , capture and breeding of cetaceans .
this illinois couple has been together 40 years . now theyve finally tied the knot .
baltimore votes to become first large u . s . city to ban water privatization
network of ' ' down syndrome achievement centers ' ' is changing the way communities see down syndrome
man runs equivalent of 401 marathons in 401 days to raise money/awareness of bullying .
bangladesh has banned fishing off its coast for 65 days to try and boost depleted fish stocks .
more than 100 nyc students defy odds to graduate while homeless
helping the homeless: car wash benefits giving backpacks program
terminally ill green bay packers fan from washington state will get to fulfill his life long wish of going to a green bay packers game at lambeau field thanks the to donations of strangers
couple marries in zim hospital days after bride survives serious croc attack
malaysia announces 1 . 6 million hectare marine protected area to conserve sharks
' he ' s 2kg overweight so he was obviously living the life of a lord ' : family celebrate return of dog after six month disappearance
galapagos giant tortoises born for first time in 100 years after their extinction in 1800s
he raised for than $200 , 000 for sick kids .
firefighters return to mow hospitalized man ' s yard
x abandoned telephone booth changed into aquarium ifp news
some good news: 16 ways 2016 is not a total dumpster fire
indian police dog rose to level of senior officer , buried with traditional guard of honor . rip to a hero .
grandma called wrong number after a bad fall dang vuong showed up to help anyway
top colleges like yale are teaching students to prioritize happinessnot money and power
people in ethiopia are calling strangers in eritrea as phone lines are opened after 20 years
evacuee dog lost in georgia during irma goes home
illinois boys generosity leads to power being restored at puerto rican school
family german shepherd saves two children , 2 &amp; 4 in house fire by leading fire fighters to their rooms
walmart is raising wages and giving bonuses , citing tax cuts
this is my nanny . she lost her home during hurricane harvey and my family came together to get her a new tiny home . shes so happy .
my hometown is doing amazing things .
youre helping her ? im going to kill you: good samaritan stops to aid a dying woman
woman rescued from collapsed building
fan with 96mph fastball gets pro contract and promptly throws strikes in debut
a teen with terminal cancer has one last wish: to marry his high school sweetheart
daughter ' s tweet saves dad ' s dog business
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can be with sick wife
9 year old has amazing reaction to her new ' frozen ' prosthesis
firefighter catches baby dropped from burning building in dramatic footage
guy quit his job and hit the road to save as many shelter dogs as possible
wife crashes her own funeral , horrifying her husband , who had paid to have her killed
blind filmmaker ready to unleash his first self shot and directed feature film
a toddler ' s brain damage has been reversed over a year after near drowning
holocaust survivor , 102 , meets nephew after thinking all family died in war .
wish granting tradition brings south bay high school together , students to tears
people like you more than you think , a new study suggests .
tyranny , like hell , is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us , that the harder the conflict , the more glorious the triumph . " thomas paine , the american crisis i , 1776
hospital gives dying man cigarette and glass of wine with family
children in italian town hit by earthquake receive gifts from ' parachuting santa '
australians raise over $35 000 for struggling truck driver who called out a politician over tax cuts for the rich
man who jumped off the golden gate bridge coming to penn
praying for palmyra: russian maestro leads orchestra in ruins of ancient city
woman creates free pantry for those in need where the community leaves and takes food and supplies as they please
mother dog allows abandoned kitten to nurse
new zealand fisherman pulls 18 month old baby from sea alive in ' freakish miracle '
this homebuilder built a smart home to serve as a " digital caregiver " to an ill family
russia ' s ' fairy tale ' siberian tigers beating long odds for a comeback
china bans 553 car models in fight against smog
irish airline offloads man who ' abused ' muslim passengers
new knoxville business builds paw fect fit for injured pet
dance company gives disabled venezuelans ' the opportunity of a lifetime '
argentina rescue: huge search finds boy lost for day in desert .
' mobile mosques ' planned to accommodate visiting muslims at the 2020 olympics competition stadiums and venues
brazil ' s highest court votes to protect lgbt people
skier found buried up to his neck in snow is ' lucky to be alive ' after triggering avalanche in scotland
ailing killer whale j 50 spotted alive after being declared missing
young violinist performs at boston hospital that saved her life
born into brothels turning red light to green
' christmas miracle ' : man ' s lost wedding ring found in the ocean
scientists develop robot hand for quadriplegics
wyoming billionaire plans to buy around 15% of the planet to protect its nature
one michigan company is ' gifting ' people with marijuana for their book purchases
man devotes life to adopting animals who can ' t find homes
how bangladeshis from nyc are transforming buffalo ' s once downtrodden eastside
businessman throws ' end of life ' party to say thank you and goodbye
trump intervenes to grant rejected afghan girls entry to u . s . for robot contest
the most effective way to tackle climate change ? plant 1 trillion trees
an animal welfare worker heard about a female pit bull dog in need of her help . however , the pit bull was not alone , she had adopted a little kitten whom she was nursing .
two bears badly burned in wildfires that raged across southern california in december have returned to the wild following the success of an experimental holistic healing approach .
former refugees in minnesota destroy every argument for a muslim immigration ban with brutal honesty
governor david ige signs bill , providing scholarships for community college students: pay what you can . that ' s the idea behind a program meant to help build a brighter future for hawaii ' s next generation .
oxford students pledge 240 , 000 to refugee scholarships
credit union social experiment turns out mostly successful .
novel rejected as ' too gay ' receives flood of crowdfunding support | books
former ' dangerous ' gang leader thanks police for prison
california oks a third gender option on driver ' s licenses and birth certificates
there is a musical in production that consists entirely of smash mouth ' s " all star " in different styles .
a goose in england acts a seeing eye assist for a blind dog
former refugee elected in minnesota is the first somali american female legislator
man who died saving drowning teens was decorated marine , john jay employee
trooper helps superheroes get to childs birthday party
car dealership gifts car to man who walked 15 miles to work everyday
japanese collector returns ancient artifacts over 1 , 000 years old to cambodia . my husband has said before he passed away that those artifacts have to be returned back to cambodia , and today i am happy that i did , takakuwa said .
squad joins cheerleader from opposing school who was cheering alone
hockey community raises $2 . 2 million for humboldt bus crash victims in 24 hours
jennifer lawrence visits childrens hospital before christmas
this man who survived auschwitz will finally get a bar mitzvah , a century late , at age 113 the washington post
local business backs teen ' s crusade for homeless vets
judge ends arizona coal mine owners attempt to compel power customer to stay
in finland , nearly every newborn is sent home with a free , government issued cardboard box . it contains 63 different items including clothes , blankets , and other newborn necessities , and the baby box itself which is lined with a mattress can be used as the child ' s first bed .
couple gives new jersey waitress $1 , 200 tip on $20 food bill
' christopher robin ' trailer shows pooh reunite with old friend
burrito boyz serves hot meals to homeless people in san diego
four year old boy who has parked his bike by the same lamppost " just about every day for the last year " , discovers space had now been reserved just for him
mummy mia disease riddled mummy of 16th century monk could hold key
middle school band brings end of year concert to bandmate ' s front yard
disguised as a woman , chinese father sells flowers inside beijing metro to raise money for his son ' s cancer treatment
once teased for her love of bugs , 8 year old co authors scientific paper
a syrian man who was stranded in an airport since march has been granted asylum in canada
prices of hiv , diabetes and angina drugs slashed by up to 44% in india .
thanks to kickstarter , comedian quincy jones will get to tape a standup special before he dies of cancer splitsider
international gathering to help the great barrier reef help itself
canadian inventor creates contact lens to help people overcome colour blindness
how one local nonprofit seeks to end hunger at its root
anonymous love letters appearing in islanders ' mailboxes
4 year old girl saves her brother ' s life with bone marrow donation
woman raises more than $13k for charitable homeless man
medicinal cannabis to be legalised in ireland
tortoise saved by lego wheelchair
south dakota dairy queen sells more than 40k blizzards on miracle treat day
fearless rats are caring for orphan kittens at this magical cat cafe
a man who was told he would never walk again can do so with the first exoskeleton cleared for use by stroke patients in the united states . it won that fda approval last april .
failure to vaccinate kids considered negligence in uae
a cancer stricken widow ' s empathy for a dying police dog
university students to give free bionic arms to children with missing limbs
ordered to evacuate a wildlife preserve as devastating wildfires close in near napa , one 77 year old man refuses and stays behind to save the animals . armed with only a garden hose , he stayed up all night fighting fires .
town turns out in force to find missing boy in cornfield
non verbal boy finds companion in family ' s deaf dog
what goes around as they say
a suspected big cat poacher has been eaten by lions near the kruger national park in south africa , police say
young " junior officer leah " is just about to go into the hospital for her 10th spinal surgery in three years . her dad died suddenly two weeks ago . her friends at the yarmouth ma police department are asking for cards to help cheer her up while she is recovering . can we help ?
tony award winner ali stroker makes history as first wheelchair user to win trophy
warren buffet will donate 90 million to people of color
disney drops youtuber jake paul
more people are adopting old dogs really old dogs
aprils having her baby right now ! ! ! ! ! ! !
charity rescuing abandoned dogs on the first coast
low budget film dying to survive stormed the box office in china while raising attention to cheaper and more accessible cancer drugs for more than four million chinese people who are diagnosed with cancer each year .
mapped: the worlds most sociable countries
chinese mother who refused to give up disabled son nurtures him all the way to harvard
the snipers trained to protect rhinos in kenya
mayor of chicago puts in a good word for a woman in the bus .
two childhood cancer survivors marry at st . jude after meeting at a hospital over 30 years ago
chicago police department lets boy with rare cancer become a cop for a day
elementary schooler ' s ' i will be your friend ' shirt brightens up first day of school 6 year old , blake wore a friendship t shirt to his first day of class so bullied kids didn ' t feel alone .
china to spend $37 billion to tackle growing waste problem
brave dog gets shot while protecting his 16 year old owner from armed intruders
alaska school project saved , and even improved , by kindness of competitors from portland school . ( literally uplifting )
springfield thunderbirds ahl hockey team help legally blind superfan see her favorite sport
man invites anyone to his birthday that has never been invited to a party
ubc students trek across canada on $9 . 99
philadelphia port authority officer saves kitten thrown from car .
dog survives after jumping out of car onto interstate
cat and chicken found huddled together after deadly california fire
pullman man who picked the wrong woman to attack inside her apartment sent to prison
husband buys his wife the double decker bus where they first met
becoming the real you: do we become more authentic as we get older ?
3d printed skull bone in man ' s head could mark new era of medicine
redditor is delivered a box of mcdoubles from mcdonald ' s corporate headquarters after praising the sandwich
cholera vaccination campaign targets 500 , 000 people in zimbabwe
watch: sleeping couple alerted to fire by pet cat
elderly woman facing jail for tall grass is moved to tears when four boys mow lawn for free
volunteer delivers meals to seniors by bike despite visual impairment
this man is taking care of syria ' s stray and abandoned cats
mcdonald ' s refused a homeless woman water so a customer did something amazing
u . s . birthrate at lowest in 32 years
chicago teacher talked about her students struggles on a plane . then , strangers handed her wads of cash .
i missed my nap for this: 101 year old sprinter breaks 100 meter dash record
chance the rapper to talk to illinois governor bruce rauner about chicago school funding .
police in cologne helped five young swans safely over road over campus on this morning .
taylor swift donates $1 million to louisiana flood victims
shadow the reading dog helps pupils at peel park primary boost their literacy skills
everton fc treat terminally ill bradley lowery , 5 , to a big day out as a mascot after donating 200 , 000 to his treatment fund in september .
2 vets celebrate love: if you came to see the bride , youre out of luck
this nonspeaking teenager wrote an incredibly profound letter explaining autism
when burn victims needed help most , this tech company stepped up
four clones of dolly the sheep are ageing healthily
a charleston elementary school has raised over $80 , 000 in a gofundme to get every student a bicycle
donations tally over $888 , 000 to help rebuild burned down texas mosque
' world ' s worst ' super gonorrhoea man cured
12 year old girl with rare disease has unlikely best friend: a 330 pound powerlifter nicknamed ' the beast '
please touch the art: tactile 3d portraits let the blind see themselves
crouching tiger , hidden dragon star chow yun fat plans to give his entire fortune to charity ( $714 million usd )
nigeria ' s first bobsled team running for pride and legacy .
the turkish town where the poor never go hungry . restaurants in a small eastern anatolian town are offering free meals to those in need , a tradition that has carried on for decade
my story: the money i make driving a rickshaw is helping me become a textile engineer
jacob 2x , a person with cerebral palsy who is also blind got a special surprise from the radio show he calls every day .
breastfeeding mother ' amazed ' by orangutans ' reaction during melbourne zoo visit
russia , turkey , iran sign deal to set up syria safe zones
as temperatures fall unexpectedly , bulgarians rush to save a phalanx of distressed , frozen storks by taking them into their homes
a tourist gave away her pizza to a homeless guy . but she could never have imagined who he really was
bride is walked down aisle by the man who got her fatheras donated heart
truckers help troopers prevent man from jumping off michigan bridge
the two koreas will start clearing mines from the heavily fortified demilitarized zone ( dmz ) on october 1 as a first step after they agreed to disarm the border area starting with land mines .
wall of kindness . a wall designated to needy in iran .
til that freddy mercury was actually bisexual
kanye west donates $150 , 000 to family of chicago security guard killed by cops
veterans are planning a ' deployment ' to standing rock to protest the dakota access pipeline
disappeared argentina activists ' son found after 40 years
portuguese children to crowdfund european climate change case
same sex attraction is ok and when a girl says no it ' s no: indian health ministry rise above indian stereotypes .
newsday: donations save fall sports at wyandanch schools
afl player to play first senior game in 6 years , after 5 knee reconstructions and 13 operations
raise a reader donates funds to p . e . i . literacy alliance ' s ready set learn program
blind and deaf dog rescued from frozen pond
michael gove to reward farmers for environmentally friendly practices after brexit: environment secretary plans to scrap the eu common agricultural policy ( cap ) in favour of subsidies for farmers who try to enhance the natural environment .
ebola virus is no longer incurable , congo trial reports over 90 percent success
montreal restaurant serves up free meals to the hungry
university of iowa dance marathon raises record $2 . 5 million " for supporting pediatric oncology patients
double amputee wrestler completes undefeated season , wins alabama state title
tesla aids puerto rico in relief efforts , sends powerwall systems to help restore power
the world ' s first plastic free supermarket aisle in amsterdam
this photographer put a man on lava to raise funds for victims of hurricane matthews
california girl raises thousands for homeless neighbors with lemonade stand
famed ' afghan girl ' finally gets a home
girls school alums raise $185k to say farewell to beloved retiring security guard
a science teacher from rural kenya who donates most of his salary to help poorer students has been crowned the worlds best teacher and awarded a $1m prize , beating 10 , 000 nominations from 179 countries .
stephen hawking leaves audience in tears at 75th birthday celebration
the world spent $14 . 4 billion on conservation , and it actually worked: between 1992 2003 , that investment led to a 29 percent decrease in the rate of biodiversity decline .
kids practice reading to shy shelter dogs at humane society ( x post /r/books )
gift of hope: little girl ' s books lost in fire replaced by authors across america
mark zuckerberg to provide 400 scholarships to undocumented students
how i married a world champion air guitarist who turned up on my doorstep | life and style
guys ! we did it !
city finds home for all its homeless vets . lynn massachusetts is to be certified by the federal government as having effectively eliminated homelessness among veterans .
syria clinch last minute world cup play off
dog on the receiving end of the guy who is sending out tennis balls in memory of his dog .
dad walks his daughter to school on her first day and her last
spider man visiting children in houston hurricane shelter is heartwarming
new handheld device turns smartphone into diagnostic tool
challenge encouraging people to pick up trash goes viral: the hashtag ' trashtag ' has been trending on social media
a prison in washington has created a program called cuddly catz , where prisoners are given a cat , which would otherwise probably be euthanized , to care for .
ruff justice: michigan dog wins release from death row
donatos pizza delivery driver credited with saving pulaski county family from fire
villagers band together to move house
teenagers emerge as a force in climate protests across europe
doctors perform heart surgery on baby still inside womb to remove tumor
raising kalysto: doctors treating baby with rare bladder disorder
can i get an amen for the ladies ? &gt; prominent southern baptist leader removed as seminary president following controversial remarks about abused women
texas boy invents device to prevent hot car deaths
selfridges becomes first major uk retailer to remove palm oil from all own brand products: department store makes 300 items free of the substance nine months ahead of schedule
packets of hot sauce save two people ' s lives in one month
formerly homeless florida man builds his own tiny town entirely from scrap material
about 160 , 000 people in new york to see their marijuana convictions disappear
guild wars 2 developers donate thousands after fans house burns down
missing cat reunited with owner after 14 years
florida woman regains sight after 21 years of blindness
russ gremel , 98 , of chicago , gave nearly 28 , 000 shares of walgreens stock , valued at more than $2 million , to the illinois audubon society to help establish a wildlife refuge near dixon .
found this fitting for this group .
this couple fell in love with their dog before they even met him
single mom of 5 goes viral with law school graduation photo
menopause drug cuts hot flushes in just three days , research finds
mom writes heartfelt letter to her daughter ' s step mom
sleepbus: the idea to provide shelter for the homeless and their pooches now set to go global
jupiter man takes on ' crossing for a cure 2018 ' after battling cystic fibrosis
the former island paradise of bikini atoll is slowing blooming back to life , 70 years after the united states dropped 23 nuclear bombs on it , including a device in 1954 that was 1 , 100 times larger than the hiroshima atom bomb .
a tiny japanese baby who weighed just 258 grams when he was born five months ago is going home .
woman starts nonprofit beer company that uses profits to feed needy families . it ' s now expanded into four states .
pornhub is more reliable than many world governments
the final call: the voice of university of southern california football does his most important work for an audience of one talking to dying patients: its like im just a guide from one place to the next . . . to make sure youre ok on your journey .
morgan freeman will serve as gps navigational voice
generous woman pays all the adoption fees so animals can found a home for christmas
lebron james ' more than an athlete ' phrase is changing the landscape for athletes
this airport made fence holes for planespotting photographers
kid accidentally runs over chicken , takes it to hospital with all the money he has
diamond on the highway: officer comes to driver ' s rescue
thousands in donations pour in for busboy who turned in envelope with $3 , 000
feral cat forms friendship with aging bear at folsom city zoo
teenager helps scared elderly woman down the escalator
the european parliament has voted for a complete ban on a range of single use plastics across the union in a bid to stop pollution of the oceans
gaza ' s only fisherwoman navigates dangerous waters
i posted a huge note for the thief who stole my bike . then my doorbell rang .
prime minister of canada and internet darling justin trudeau has shown the rest of the world ' s leaders how to do publicity once again by bringing his three year old to the office .
stranded southern oregon man , 72 , walked 14 miles over 4 days before mountain biker from portland found him
local drug treatment program sees success and recognition at a state level .
new data shows solar energy creates more jobs in america than any other industry
this us couple have been married so long that even their grandchildren have grandchildren ! nicholas and rafaela ordaz from california , had a double party last weekend to mark their 82nd wedding anniversary
new law secures pregnant women ' s rights at work
post box in ireland closed because of nesting birds
basketball player brandon roy shot in the leg after shielding children from gunfire
kansas , mizzou raise $1 . 75m for hurricane relief in border war charity exhibition
a policewoman has been credited with stopping the nice killer by jumping in front of his truck .
anonymous nfl player donates bone marrow to local man
a federal judge just issued a stay against donald trump ' s " muslim ban " | mother jones
mcdonalds restaurant flips iconic golden arches upside down to celebrate international womens day
new research could help dogs with a common cancer get better treatment and help save lives .
motorists pulled over in texas got quite the surprise when they were given a turkey instead of a traffic ticket .
first airport sensory room for passengers with autism opens in europe
12 year old oklahoma boy breaks into hot car to save toddler locked inside
tesco cuts cost of women ' s razors to match men ' s following pressure over ' sexist ' pricing
all the leftover oscars food this year went to various los angeles communities in need
b . c . to cover $700 , 000 drug for rare disease on case by case basis , health minister says: the drug soliris treats symptoms for atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome , a rare disease that can damage vital organs .
after decades of federal protection , hawaiian coral reefs are returning to their former glory
wife of irish rugby star in running for 250k prize for bakery start up
a street cat named bob: from the filthy lanes of london to the red carpet
uk mosques open doors to homeless as temperatures plunge
meet the kerala fisherman who has removed 3 . 5 tonnes of plastic from the sea
rhino saves baby zebra after it got stuck in mud .
fsu fraternity gives 8th grader with down syndrome " night of his life " , makes him an honorary brother
veteran helps reunite purple hearts with military families
binance donates $1 million towards victim relief for west japan floods
one man ' s journey to mexico for heroin addiction treatment using ibogaine " it ' s not just [that] it gets you off the heroin , it ' s like , it hits the reset button
world ' s largest solar park launched in karnataka , india
supermarket gives free groceries after computer glitch
teen bullied with fake homecoming invite gets real one from pageant queen
a syrian refugee from aleppo tells of how , amid the horror of war , the amazing kindness of strangers has restored his faith in humanity
high school students in massachusetts hold funeral for homeless veteran
the asumed 150 . 000 dead penguins may still be alive
the greater fredericksburg kennel club donates pet oxygen masks to local fire departments
homeless to harvard: teen shares her " surreal " journey
guy w/ 3 amputated fingers plays jimi hendrix on guitar
woman abducted by boko haram and told to bomb kano market escapes she was drugged by the abductors , who planned to use her as a suicide bomber to attack a marketplace in the city of kano
youngest ever conjoined twins are successfully separated at just 8 days old .
rescue puppies provide emotional support to seattle airline passengers after plane is stolen
samsung is phasing out plastic packaging #trashtag #trashchallenge
dog adopts 9 ducklings after their mom vanishes
' hey you ' just won ' t do help the zoo crew name the littlest gorilla
hugh mungus ' cancer treatment gofundme has more than doubled its $10k goal !
is this proof angels really do exist ?
woman , 93 , arrested as a dying wish after being good all her life
3 , 000 kg of garbage collected from mt . everest , as nepals clean up campaign gathers momentum
cop breastfeeds malnourished baby while on duty at hospital
doting 83 year old husband learns to apply makeup on 82 year old wife losing eyesight
istanbuls most famous cat honored with its own statue at its favorite spot
syrian girl pictured using tin cans as prosthetic legs finds hope in turkey
church of england votes to reject anti gay marriage report
a goat has been crowned king in a remote irish town . what are you doing with your life ?
' i ' m taking my life back ' : this ontario man is defying the odds of incurable brain cancer
health care debate: gop obamacare repeal bill fails cnnpolitics . com
therapy dog born with just his back legs helping young patients
first ever quadriplegic treated with stem cells regains motor control in his upper body .
britain no longer permitting rape scenes , sexual violence in films rated for under 15 years old
mississippi state team helps woman after car accident
two beluga whales captured from the wild and forced to spend their lives performing in a chinese aquarium are to be flown to worlds first beluga whale sanctuary in iceland
navajo nations first solar project now producing enough electricity for 13 , 000 navajo homes
henry ford hospital gets anonymous $20 million gift for cancer research
couple rejoice , pay $10 , 000 to student who found stolen boston terrier pup
mystery proposal couple found after 8 year search
utah officer punches through frozen pond , dives in to rescue 8 year old boy nbc news
a homeless man spent his last $20 to keep her safe . shes raised $34 , 000 to repay him
oklahoma ! actress ali stroker has become the first wheelchair user to be nominated for , and win , a tony award .
girl who was abandoned as a baby on sf state campus in the 80s graduates from the university
hundreds gather at salt lake city airport to welcome a family of refugees escaping from afghanistan .
' heroes ' lead police to texas girl who was abducted while walking with her mother , police say
first women elected to saudi local councils
inmates donate more than $53 , 000 for harvey relief
dog , family reunited after 3 years with help from nj shelter ( video )
muslim family receives donation , show of support following attack on business
with 63 panda cubs born so far this year , the population of captive giant pandas has reached 520 worldwide , offering hope that the various sub populations will eventually be restored
couple brings presents to two little girls from a small mexican border town , after finding the christmas list sent to santa via red balloon
giant batteries and cheap solar power are shoving fossil fuels off the grid
helicopter company refunds $1000 to family of missing son
a kind police officer was snapped comforting his dying patrol horse
maine and vermont pass plastic bag bans on the same day
stolen teacup chihuahua back in the arms of world war ii vet , 93
lets do lunch: university led summer meal program is a win win solution , feeding kids and employing dining service workers
12 year minor leaguer , francisco arcia , finally gets a chance and sets mlb record with 10 rbi in his first two professional games
south korean court outlaws killing dogs for their meat
oklahoma employee saves cat locked in storage unit for 21 days with no food or water
scientists recreate virtual copy of mexican underwater cave: scientists from all over the world will soon be able to dive into a virtual 3 d replica of a vast underwater cave off mexico ' s yucatan peninsula , where the oldest skeleton in the americas was found seven years ago .
muslim owned restaurant offering elderly free meals on christmas day so no one eats alone reveals inspiration behind gesture
boston marathon bombing amputee scales mountain in ecuador
veteran , 89 , seeks job to save him ' dying of boredom '
shelter dog who loves his food bowl gets forever home , and gets to keep the bowl
heart donation recipient greeted by donor family on graduation stage
new zealand inventor creates an earthquake proof office desk and shares the design
bitcoin expert scams a scammer , donates the money to charity
scientists have taken a step towards one of the biggest goals in medicine a universal blood test for cancer . a team at johns hopkins university has trialled a method that detects eight common forms of the disease .
saudi arabia finally allows women to travel without male permission
more people tuned in to watch dem rebuttal than trumps address
dog slaughter banned in south korean market bbc news
us cigarette smoking rate reaches new low
true ( puppy ) love ! this guy proposed to his girlfriend by making a video of their dogs getting engaged . she said yes !
jimmy carter says cancer gone
argentine campaign group grandmothers of the plaza de mayo say they have found the son of a woman who was held captive by the military junta in the 1970s and 80s . on tuesday mario and his mother are expected to meet in buenos aires . mario is the 119th child to be found by the grandmothers .
cancer and fall can ' t keep 89 year old away from tap dancing
nicknamed ' mom usa , ' this foster mom has taken in over 1k children: ' these kids fill a void '
uber offers free lifts to women voting for first time in a saudi election
a florist in australia is creating opportunities for people with special needs
to reach out to deaf boy , whole class learns to sign .
welcome to refugee high
man volunteers to drive dog he found from maryland back home to kansas
man chooses death with dignified party
instead of selling foreclosed 15 acre horse farm worth $150k , bank donates it to charity for impoverished children
maine governor signs automatic voter registration bill into law .
i wrote this bedtime story for my niece and it made her smile : )
elon musk pledges to pay for clean water to homes in flint , michigan
dancer on the pedestrian overpass above highway 101 in san francisco for years ! " i always felt that there was this was unspoken power that comes over me when i participate in any kind of dance
87 year old woman trapped in bath for four days is saved by waitress
ssm health cardinal glennon childrens hospital gets large grant for research in childhood cancer
a compassionate judge sentences a veteran to 24 hours in jail , then joins him behind bars
overdose prevention worker saves snuggles the pet mouse with narcan
mormon church reverses lgbt policy , says children of same sex couples can now be baptized
wedding ring reunited with owner eight years after it was lost on nsw beach: the power of social media and just two hours was all it took for lynnette schaefer to be reunited with her husband ' s wedding ring eight years after he lost it .
pike county marching band left without uniforms after company closes . north texas high school band parents raise $3400 to help pay for new uniforms .
7 months pregnant woman honoured for saving a life emilie stevens held on to a suicidal young woman who was halfway over a bridge railing until police arrived
children spending less time in care before being adopted
their promposal video went viral , but their friendship goes much further
a 5 year old girl needed a prosthetic hand . so a public library used its 3 d printer .
wwii veteran finally gets high school diploma , 73 years after quitting school to join the army
a pub owner in manchester is offering free food and drinks to the homeless this christmas
a lucky powerball ticket won $447 million in california
' government shutdown litter patrol ' : dad daughter duo tackle trash in the smokies
now u can charge your phone while eating your chicken
woman ' s search for christmas present online uncovers adoptive daughter ' s secret twin sister
measure to break california into 3 states removed from november ballot after court ruling
nc officer responding to call , ends up sliding in on fun
man reunites with $23k found in recycling sorting facility
[uk] liverpool council will ignore government policy and invite all homeless people to new centre
india passes bill to award death penalty for rape of girls aged 12 or younger
13 year old given award after bringing pickup to stop after father ' s heart attack and saving him
wwe wrestlers sasha banks and alexa bliss make history as first women allowed to wrestle in the united arab emirates
kansas officer ' s bodycam captures rescue of boy , 4 , who fell in pond
billionaire bill gates announces a $1 . 7 billion investment in u . s . schools
mother fights of kidnapper as he tries to drag girl away
the estate of a businessman who recently passed away has donated $60 million to seattle children ' s , the second largest gift the hospital has ever received , to support uncompensated medical care for children and families
marijuana should be legalized in two of mexicos main tourist hot spots , cancun and los cabos , in order to reduce criminal violence , mexicos minister for tourism said on thursday .
no money to pay for a meal ? no problem just work for 50 minutes . that is the recipe to combat hunger for ms sekai kobayashi , 33 , a former engineer who will not turn away penniless customers at her restaurant mirai shokudo ( translated as future eatery ) in tokyo .
auschwitz survivor and the soldier who saved her celebrate their 71st valentine ' s day together
runner finishes marathon with the stranger who talked him out of jumping off a bridge
pakistan extends full legal protections for trans people as equal citizens , allowing even trans+trans and non trans+trans people to marry freely . discrimination , harassment banned . safe houses to be set up , inheritance rights have been equalised , and trans allowed to run for office and the assembly
lawsuits compel trump administration to begin highway emissions tracking program
lds church announces flexible schedules for missionaries
scientists found a tree in north carolina thats a jaw dropping 2 , 624 years old
poll: young americans overwhelmingly favor lgbt rights
single mom hikes to 50 different waterfalls within one year of child ' s birth with him on her back . uses hiking as therapy and bonding time for her and her son .
chance the rapper teams up with lyft to help underfunded chicago public schools
indian court grants woman divorce over lack of home toilet
in kansas , paralyzed high school student recieves over $131 , 000 from community fundraisers
wife builds snowman for husband of 46 years
mosul zoo ' s last two animals reach safer ground in jordan
missing michigan cat mysteriously found in florida finally makes it home
mom donates over 1 , 000 ounces of breast milk to hurricane harvey victims
texans dove into hurricane harveys toxic floodwaters to rescue bats barehanded
steven hawking has just launched unlimited , a global hub to answer life ' s biggest questions
best . obit . ever . read to the end .
4 year old befriends elderly man in grocery store and they ' ve become like family
u . s . house unanimously approves self drive act , the first federal initiative to accelerate rollout of autonomous driving technology
one of africa ' s largest protected wilderness areas has marked an entire year without finding a single elephant killed by poachers .
the obama administration steps in to block the dakota access pipeline
pearl jam raises millions to help seattles homeless; local businesses join forces with iconic band
blind bart rider seeking good samaritan who gave him a gift
vancouver aquarium rescues sea lion with nylon rope wrapped around its neck: the rescued female was full grown and estimated to weight about 260 kilograms . the aquarium says a thick piece of braided plastic was cutting deeply into the sea lions neck .
hemp is the new oak: americas first hemp wood factory is being built
ontario girl who was teased for love of bugs gets name in science journal
man hears kittens meowing , spends 7 hours digging in dumpster to save ditched litter of furballs
a pennsylvania high school student barred from attending prom at her catholic high school because she wore a suit rather than a dress has been invited to another school ' s prom .
this maryland tattoo parlor is covering up racist tattoos for free vice
eritrea and ethiopia sign peace agreement in saudi arabia overseen by king salman
kazakh leader to wipe out debt of the poor , end bank rescues
philippines finally ships back dumped waste to canada
boy finds halloween candy bowl empty and decides to leave some of his own candy for others
apple hit with a five count class action for the macbook pro ' s ' defective ' keyboard , the second lawsuit on this issue this month
guy with amputated fingers plays jimi hendrix ' s " castles made of sand " primitive guitar on youtube
bill gates shares his ' favorite infographic ' that shows 200 years of human progress
a texas boy has helped to rescue over 1 , 000 dogs from kill shelters
joe biden says obama offered financial help during sons illness
art van donates new sofas to once homeless vets
pornhub launches sexual education subsite
world ( or at least brooklyn ) stops for lost dog
dylan alcott , a grand slam champion in wheelchair tennis , is a celebrity in his native australia
reddit user goes to mexico to kill himself , spends week doing coke and enjoying prostitutes , decides to keep living .
man born without penis has 10 day erection following bionic phallus implant
nashville airport travelers stop to sing national anthem for children of fallen service members
' sometimes people change ' : maryland shop covers racist tattoos for free
kauai surgeon hikes a mountain to save a life
whale sharks rescued from imminent death
rescued baby elephant reunited with wild mother
a little light in the darkness
heart transplant recipient fills the empty seat of a deceased son at his mothers wedding .
large body of water found on mars , researchers say
stranger buys 19 year old soldier ' s ticket so he can make it home in time
the american student who gave cambodian children a chance to get clean
on the anniversary of her late husband ' s passing , a brentwood woman chooses to bring comfort to women at the nashville rescue mission by donating gift bags filled with toiletries this mother ' s day weekend .
japan elects taiga ishikawa as first openly gay male lawmaker
florida man walks 1 , 200 miles across the state picking up trash
pc andrew harper: donations for officer dragged to his death by car surge past 100k in one day | uk news
in a gay marriage stand , unilever ' s ( un ) ben &amp;amp; jerry ' s won ' t serve two scoops of the same ice cream until same sex weddings are legal
after a complaint was lodged with the health department that a man with down syndrome was working in the kitchen of a sandwich shop , his brother comes to his defense
company donates millions to fund every classroom project on donorschoose . org
mandela ' s grandson praises jeremy corbyn for helping end apartheid in south africa .
for every correct answer , the world food program will donate 10 grains of rice to a third world country !
professional soccer player juan mata stars an initiative to give one percent of earning to charity . . . other players will follow
man arrested after making bomb threat to south side restaurant to avoid bill , police say
a bike saved lebron james . now , hes giving them to all his students
life saving liver donation leads to love for frankfort couple
researchers say they ' re closer to finding cure for hiv after using crispr technology to eliminate disease in live mice for the first time
couple remodeling bathroom finds funny hidden message from former owners
inspiring new video answers the question , " what is flint ?
sikhs in us offered free food to thousands of workers affected by government shutdown
woman reads fine print on insurance policy , wins $10 , 000 in hidden contest
pot pows head home as auma opens the gates for california cannabis prisoners
secret holidays , star wars and puppy leave . . . ten quirky perks employers are offering staff
sky art: pilots route spells hello on flight tracking radar map
3 , 000 kg of garbage collected from mt . everest , as nepals clean up campaign gathers momentum
prince louis adorably ruined prince charles ' birthday portrait and the 70 year old royal ' s reaction was peak grandpa
researchers may have found many of chinas 30 million missing girls
waste no time; we must protect the environment from trash; the story of mahlagha mallah , also known as " mother nature " in iran
donair shop owner risks his life running into burning apartment building , saving who knows how many people , becomes local hero overnight i expect long lines at his shop this weekend .
i ' m a teacher in a very low income neighborhood . we just found out that two of our former students along with their four siblings were all adopted by these two dads .
powerful new ebola vaccine heads to congo to help stop outbreak
safyre is going to disney world
global peace index 2017: world slightly more peaceful than last year bbc news
still smiling: the women fighting back after acid attacks
this ferndale mom will share her dog with you . here ' s how it works .
golf tournament raises $200 , 000 for nonprofit helping service members , veterans
gray whale safely returned to ocean after 3 days beached in mexico
welcome to the first cat of new zealand
j . k . rowling found out her books helped save this baby ' s life . her response was magic .
patagonia donating 100% of its black friday sales to envrionmental groups
restaurant says it is extremely happy after finding envelope under its door from group of customers who walked out on $326 bill over weekend to the table of six boys that walked out tonight . you forgot to pay . please come back .
the cat guardians of singapore
key greenland glacier growing again after shrinking for years
this chart shows that we are actually winning the " war on poverty " in a big way . . .
mcgill grad donates $5 million to global food security institute
hope walk for water brings awareness to global clean water needs
i was tearing up too , but for me it was because there was someone else who felt the same way as me . it was like , ' oh , i ' m not alone . there ' s nothing wrong with me , and my pig is going to live . '
on new years day , nasas new horizons spacecraft went farther than any spacecraft has ever gone before 4 billion miles from earth .
employer takes pay cut and raises employees wages to 70k , still gets new car .
dea wants more marijuana grown and fewer opioids produced in 2019 . really .
tax money from marijuana sales helping students pay for college in colorado
[deleted by user]
world ' s first ocean plastic cleaning machine set to tackle great pacific garbage patch
how dogs are lending a paw to uganda ' s traumatized war veterans
china ' s coal consumption has peaked; a turning point in climate change battle
this might be the cutest thing i ' ve ever read . . . gay penguin couple given egg after failing to hatch stones at berlin zoo
michigan man becomes first quadriplegic to compete in motocross
sugiharas stand when the nazis began massacring european jews , an unlikely man defied his government in order to save as many of them as possible
former pro football left nfl to pursue neurosurgery to begin residency at harvard
amputee and former drug addict completes 90km comrades marathon
nigeria bobsledders welcomed home in lagos ahead of games: three women set to make history by becoming the first people to represent nigeria in the winter olympics arrived in africas most populous country on thursday amid final preparations ahead of the games .
a texas car garage uses volunteer mechanics to fix and overhaul cars for single moms , widows and wives of deployed . soldiers .
artificial skin trial offers hope to pakistan ' s acid attack victims
runner who stopped to help fallen competitor wins state championship
50 cent apologises for instagram video accusing autistic airport cleaner of being high ( xpost r/news )
buddhist poker player donates $600 , 000 win to charity
denver7 viewer donates $25k to non profit overwhelmed with homeless population
autistic man who taught himself law wins discrimination case against virgin active after instructor calls him ' stupid '
autism test and treatment on horizon as scientists find hormone deficiency link
teachers launch a dog treat bakery to create jobs for autistic adults
gov . jay inslee offers pardons for thousands with misdemeanor pot convictions
algobrix wants to teach toddlers to code before they can read using lego like symbol shape , with sound &amp; light electronic bricks .
hispanic unemployment his record low
yahoo japan to end ivory sales
boy calls 911 on thanksgiving and melted all the hearts at sheriffs office
richard overton , countrys oldest veteran , released from hospital
a social network for birdwatchers acts as an early warning system for the effects of climate change
muslims raise $83 , 000 for san bernardino shooting victims
secondary school students in the uk made a surprise appearance at their teachers wedding , now they ' ve made a music video
tempe officer drives man with no car to work
technology lets legally blind boy see jazz game for the first time .
deaf janitor ' s emotional reaction to children ' s birthday surprise
muralist surprises young cubs fan battling cancer with a custom cubs inspired paintjob for his bedroom .
saudi woman who fled family granted asylum in canada
lyft begins offering free rides to cancer patients in los angeles
teacher starts class with ' positive ' song and dance routine
young soccer player kicks it forward with donations to childrens center
cat survives fort . mcmurray fire by hiding in oven .
lego has said it is reversing its policy on bulk purchases and will no longer ask customers what they want to use the bricks for .
netherlands opens world ' s first plastic free supermarket aisle as uk urged to follow example: ' for decades shoppers have been sold the lie that we cant live without plastic in food and drink ' .
dog stages breakout to get close to crying puppies
steve irwin finally got his star . . .
brazilian drug dealer kidnaps medical staff , makes them vaccinate community against yellow fever
blind dog rescued after a week lost in the mountains
3 d printed implant gives patches the dachshund a new skull
undefeated wrestler loses to rival with special needs , makes his dreams come true
chainsaw wielding nun clears debris from irma
teen finds wallet stuffed with $1 , 500 , returns it: ' his act of kindness cannot go unrecognized '
6 year old sees man lying in parking lot , saves his life
nintendo tells mobile partners to limit microtransactions so that players don ' t spend too much
washington measles outbreak sends vaccine demand soaring , even among the hesitant
800 , 000 volunteers planted 49 million trees in uttar pradesh , india
local atascadero homeless organization raises $40 , 000 to help fight world hunger
real life ' spider man ' saves boy dangling from paris balcony: incredible footage has emerged of the moment a man scaled four storeys up a building in paris to rescue a young boy dangling from a balcony .
at least it ' s over
by one vote , minnesota house moves to ban wolf hunting
anonymous redditor buys ipad pro and apple pencil for little girl who drew fat , middle aged batman
amazon tribe wins legal battle against oil companies . preventing drilling in amazon rainforest
so beautiful !
how a special ed student became an ivy league professor
stuffed animals donated to give youngsters in traumatic situations
over 42 , 000 donors have raised over $2 . 8 million for the victims of new zealand ' s christchurch massacre since friday
easter bunny ears on australian federal police ( afp ) dogs draw smiles from kids at canberra hospital
' he asked for a hug . . . and saved my life ' suicidal woman thanks bridge hero
toys r us mascot geoffrey the giraffe finds new home in new jersey childrens hospital
a stranger in maryland , touched by a hurricane story , sends 3 cups to houston
schwarzenegger donates $100 , 000 to anti hate group in aftermath of charlottesville violence
lei jun , the founder and ceo of chinese phone company xiaomi , says he ' ll give 750m bonus to charity
the 99 best things that happened in 2016 , from ebolas eradication in west africa to saving the manatees
grandparent carers: ' you can ' t just sit back and do nothing ' the grandparents who quit work to become parents again
abused and abandoned pig transforms into cuddly rescue pet at new home
r/bedroombands musicians come together to record a tribute to the late vinnie paul
we need more people like him in the world: off duty firefighter rescues 2 from fiery plane crash on 405 freeway
high school students build house for area low income family
firefighters in colorado use duck calls on youtube to talk four frightened ducklings out of a storm drain
xhamster donates water to flint residents to further its philanthropic goals
mcdonalds to give books instead of toys in happy meals
helicopter catches waterskier in floods in north yorkshire
' i love them and they love me ' 1 , 000 heartbroken locals sign petition to halt the transfer of popular shop manager ( and it works )
singaporean helicopters to assist in hurricane harvey relief operations
flat earther to launch into space using homemade rocket .
calgary man caught on video riding scooter to work in snowstorm gifted new wheels
lucky kid gets the ghostbusters gift all fans crave
cop brought to tears by man ' s request after traffic stop
europeans and canadians offer housing and lab facilities to scientist trapped overseas by trump ' s muslim ban .
real michiana: 30 years of helping the homeless
after he successfully started a lemonade stand two years ago to raise funds to help the homeless , lucas george has once again started an effort to help the less fortunate .
a veteran struggled to find a job because he needed his service dog . my hometown lowe ' s hired them both !
first taste of freedom for woman after sentence is commuted by oklahoma governor
muumuu magic: thrift store score turns out to be lost family treasure
16 year old pivots from a kenyan slum to the ballet stage
rod stewart donates thousands to families of disabled children to help protest against us healthcare cuts
23 saved lives &amp; counting: nj families get organs , then donate their own
jet carrying 142 people lands in water near nas jacksonville , all people are accounted for .
9 year old bullying victim conquers race designed by navy seals
teen ' befriended ' gunman in sergeant ' s killing to keep him calm after he burst into home , youth ' s mother says
teen cheats death after huge ice arch collapses just by nine minutes after he posed for this picture
mlb pitcher donates $9 million home to camp for people with special needs
bill seeks to require personal finance class for sc students
honey bees making honey from cannabis
urban birdhouses: danish designer builds 3 , 500+ homes for avian occupants
veteran who lost both arms in iraq discovers a talent for painting
despite border tensions between pakistan , indian surgeon to visit karachi to perform liver transplants , train doctors
taxi driver returns 12 , 000 in cashto save pensioner from scam
morris stuart , the charismatic choir director bringing central australia ' s sacred sounds to the world
a dying boy ' s special bond with a rescue dog .
in madrid , the homeless dine out . . . for free
butterfly protector who informed climate change policy gets obe
how taylor swift accidentally helped delta rae fund their new album
how mlb star trevor williams is helping kenyan schools get clean water
unemployed ayrshire man secures job with roadside sign
cat saves florida family from carbon monoxide poisoning
five year old helps rescue mum
tom petty lives ! cbs full of crap nytimes
upliftingnews in review 6/18/17 6/25/17
christmas safe for ~4 , 000 greater baton rouge area kids thanks to donation to salvation army
turtle crossing in quebec ' s eastern townships successful in saving critters
host of celebrities tweet bullied school boy
two legged dog found after owners crash into bison
nigeria is betting on solar power to reach a million homes without access to the grid
korean mc yoo jae suk repays young boys kindness with special childrens day gift
reddits most uplifting user helped raise nearly $160 , 000 for victim of facebook live attack
twin sisters run for office one as republican , one as democrat
photographers prove ' love isn ' t extinct ' with t rex engagement shoot
new zealand government makes law change; allows early access to kiwisaver retirement savings for people with shortened lifespans , after down syndrome man ' s calls for change .
israeli arabs and jews marched arm in arm through central tel aviv on saturday night , calling for the government to stop demolishing arab homes built without permits that it rarely grants ( xpost from r/worldnews )
first baby bald eagle of the 2017 hatch born just now captured on video
anonymous donor leaves diamond ring in massachusetts salvation army kettle
a lift for elections
nj dad gets 20k birthday calls as sons post number on billboard
the nightly show with larry wilmore canceled by comedy central
sa ' fyre terry ' s magical trip to the post office
security blogger brian krebs did an expose on a german hacker group . since his last name translates to " cancer " , the hackers rallied their 4 , 100 members and donated over $126 , 000 to fight krebs fight cancer as a show of force and unity .
anonymous benefactors match food shelf donations through end of month
' best christmas present ' : lifelong best friends discover they ' re actually brothers
desert farm grows food without groundwater , soil , fuel or pesticides " using the sun and the sea as renewable sources of energy and water , a desert farming operation in australia show how organic food in a fresh new and sustainable way .
kids create art car at northeast louisiana children ' s museum
athlete sells rio medal to help 3 year old with eye cancer
big brother makes heartwarming move for terminally ill 10 year old sister
new filipino law requires all students to plant 10 trees if they want to graduate
mystery diner who tipped $1 , 500 revealed
couple that has been married for 62 years , but was placed in separate nursing homes for the better part of a year due to a backlog in the health care system have finally been reunited .
security officer at teen event chases &amp; tackles active shooter , protects hundreds of kids . ( headline not uplifting; heroic story inside is . )
thirteen years after it was first announced by congress , the national museum of african american history and culture will open this week
homeless man offered job , money and a home after helping manchester attack victims
star trek actor who played odo in ds9 donates his earnings from trek conventions to doctors without borders
the number of plastic carrier bags found on uk beaches has dropped by almost half since the introduction of a 5p charge on single use plastic bags
veteran fixes cars for absolutely nothing .
japan pledges $2 . 9 billion to support countries pursuing universal health coverage
getting it done the right way 14k legal immigrants will become americans on independence day
dog that lost its tail from too much wagging adopted after 2 years in shelter
canada will ban ' harmful ' single use plastics as early as 2021
pakistan plans to plant 10 billion trees to fight climate change
the state of karnataka in india has a woman as its top cop
three teens rescue dolphin calf in australia
portugal forest fire: 12 survive by hiding in a water tank maria do ceu silva was hailed as a hero after using her house ' s water tank to rescue the residents of nodeirinho , next to the ic8 motorway , which was badly hit by the fire .
north koreas kim felt very close to the souths moon at summit in pyongyang
' not a sacrifice , but a gift ' : joy amid the struggle for mothers of children with intellectual disabilities
the 22 year old boyan slat is determined to do the impossible clean up the ocean by providing an ingenious solution that will restore its health .
meet the rebel road fixers making malaysia ' s roads safer
the photographer travelling the world to find true beauty
mayor of nashville :trees can ' t be cut down for nfl draft
mama collins the custodian has been helping kids at her school through her giving closet . article states that 5 to 15 kids are homeless on any given day .
wisconsin: new bill would partner pet stores with shelters to encourage adoptions to cut back on the demand for puppy mills
golden doggo saves blind owner ' s life
meanwhile in canada . . .
80 year old couple finishes marathon holding hands
singing janitor puts smiles on the faces at mountain view . hell do the same for you .
online appeal raises $8 , 000 for first bombing victims wife , daughter
the school district for my hometown will now provide both breakfast and lunch for free to all students k 5th regardless of income .
united states donates us$16 . 85 million to fight hunger in the central african republic central african republic
alan ruschel , survivor of the chapecoense plane crash that killed nearly everyone on board , is to make his return to professional football .
ufc featherweight brian ortega explains how he went from troubled youth to mma star
how art and culture can help us rethink time
parents heartbroken after teen son dies , then friends say there ' s a video they have to see
mods are asleep . upvote actual uplifting news .
in 2006 , 75% of chinese didn ' t know that sharks were killed to make shark fin soup . but now , 91% of chinese support a nationwide ban , thanks to activism work by yao ming and others .
' i caught my brother ' s killer on facebook '
seattle ceo sets all salaries , including his own , to $70k . employees reward him with a new car .
little girl finds stray puppy and hides it in her bag
cows genetically modified to burp and fart less could cut cattle livestock methane emissions in half
scientists create a water purifier that works using only sunlight , water , and oxygen .
seattle startup raises $6 million for app that helps people stay in recovery
indonesian teenager rescued after drifting 7 weeks at sea .
couple surprises family with adopted baby and it ' s everything .
sc man buys $500 worth of girl scout cookies so girls could stay out of the cold
lula the labrador loses interest in bomb sniffing , gets fired from cia
destroying racists in south africa/germany
good news ! no need to have a mental breakdown over ' climate collapse '
anonymous man pays off all layaway items at a vermont walmart
children form human arrow to help police find burglary suspects .
california man fosters terminally ill children
kareem abdul jabbar is auctioning off four nba title rings . abdul jabbar said he is auctioning the memorabilia not because he has money issues but rather to help kids through his skyhook foundation .
a ' perfect ' ending for four kansas siblings seeking adoption brings judge to tears
bolivia rolls out universal health care to 5 . 8m uninsured
new zealand might pay homeless people $5000 to move to an affordable city and they get a government house to live in
mlb player retires , leaving 13 million dollars on the table , after his team told him to bring his son around less .
indiana colts linebacker stops to help his former teacher change her flat tire
sofia , an 11 year old girl whom drake visited at lurie childrens hospital , finds out she is getting a new heart
penguin covered with oil is saved by old man , now swims 5 , 000 miles across ocean to repay him
world ' s shortest flight welcomes record flier
china halts construction on 150 gigawatts of new coal power plants
chance the rapper reveals he saved a man from fiery car crash
purdue student treks 100 miles on foot , raises $20k plus in honor of tyler trent
truck driver uses school bus to rescue 64 dogs and cats from florence floodwaters
best part of my job this time of year . when we close for a holiday we donate all of our prepped food . this is about 700$ worth of food we were able to donate .
india unveils ' world ' s largest ' public healthcare scheme
have humans reached their limit on life span ? these researchers say no .
railroad workers set up a moving farewell to a young boy killed by cancer
when a 5 year old returned to school for the first time after his police officer dad ' s death , 70 cops stood beside him
one startup is using phone calls and innovative packaging to save tb patients #worldtbday
police officer dances to beyonce at high school pep rally
the 1 , 000th california condor chick in a decadeslong restoration program has hatched at zion national park
dramatic police video shows rescue of trapped passengers from fiery car crash
pharrell williams just offered internships to 114 harlem high school grads
dolls with disabilities go mainstream
clooney donates $1m to combat corruption in africa
firefighter adopts baby he delivered in ambulance
police officer , strangers pitch in to buy 95 year old new air conditioner
' rick and morty ' creator dan harmon offers pretty solid advice on dealing with depression
first ebola vaccine likely to stop the next outbreak
chanel bans fur and exotic animal skins
while cross border relations heve become tense , brewers from wny and ontario prepare for binational canam craft beer festival
kindhearted teenager saves up his pocket money to feed homeless people
people raised $175 , 000 for the roy moore accuser whose house burned down
va . governor restores voting rights of 13 , 000 felons
teacher has personalized handshakes with every one of his students
brooklyn ' s ' violence interruptors ' have helped reduce shootings by half
loving husband re proposes to wife of 26 years following breast cancer surgery
software aims to reduce food waste by helping those in need
glendale police sergeant buys groceries for struggling single mom
' this is not the 1970s ' : ias officer quits in anguish over kashmir ' emergency '
california breaks energy record with 80% of state ' s power generated using renewable methods
incredible journey of missing dog who trekked 60 miles to find his owner
students bond with aged care residents by writing down their memoirs at 102 years old , florence wheeler never expected to share her life story with a 16 year old stranger , but it turned out to be an experience they will both cherish .
parcel addressed to new zealand farm up a long driveway , near pub finds its way
marine corps dog who lost leg in afghanistan awarded gallantry medal
more people are adopting old dogs
oxycontin maker purdue is exploring bankruptcy , reports say
woman told she wouldn ' t see her 17th birthday celebrates turning eighty
a temple from singapore erected its tentage a few days earlier in order to allow muslims to pray free of rain .
homeless shelter receives $10k donation from former resident bbc news
this is the kind of innovations we need to continue to promote .
man rescued from inside public toilet
microsoft showcased a prototype watch that eliminated the arm shaking that often plagues those suffering from the neurological disease parkinson ' s
safyre terry , the young new york girl who made headlines earlier this month after asking for christmas cards from around the world , is getting an all expense paid trip to disney world .
hokulea , a replica hawaiian voyaging canoe , completes its 3 year long round the world trip , using only ancient navigation techniques . watch the live feed of the canoe returning to hawaii today !
eagles wr torrey smith and wife pay adoption fee for 46 baltimore animals
wisdom the albatross , world ' s oldest wild bird , lays another egg
wounded veteran dedicates life to helping others
a california barber gives free haircut to a boy for life if he gets straight a ' s
after five years of socializing , rescued circus elephant finally trusts humans enough to remove her ankle chain
these companies give staff paid time off when they get a new puppy
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can be with ailing wife
a united nations of flag stitchers takes a break for a christmas party
researchers have found a way to purify water and produce electricity from a single device powered by sunlight . the scientists adapted a solar panel that not only generated power , but used some of the heat energy to distil and purify sea water .
' major milestone ' : africa on brink of eliminating polio
israeli doctors , spies rally to save 5 year old syrian girl
meet the woman responsible for rescuing hundreds of dogs from ' dumping site ' over 7 years
of the 100+ whales that washed ashore on tamil nadu coast thirty six of them have been rescued by fishermen . the fishermen remained awake the whole night to keep the whales in water by pulling them back to the sea .
whales born before ' moby dick ' in 1851 still cruising the ocean today
world ' s largest beach cleanup has cleared more than 4 million pounds of trash !
drunk driver to spend anniversary of victim ' s death in jail every year
long island wwii vet recieves high school diploma
after more than 30 years . hiv 37 , 000 , 000 vs . scientist 2 . soon it will be eradicated .
this man uses his limited resources to buy drinking water for poor residents in drought hit junnar ( india )
chick fil a worker pays for breakfast for homeless man who walked in without much money
canadian doctors are demanding to be paid less because they couldn ' t accept the raise when patients have to live with the lack of access to required services due to drastic cuts in recent years
top dfs pro donates $1 . 127m of his winnings to charity | the action network
indian tech billionaire azim premji is giving away $21 billion to philanthropy , the fifth largest endowment in the world and the biggest in asia .
woman travels country paying drug addicts to get vasectomies , tubes tied
los angeles times they ' ve been girlfriends for about 80 years now , ever since elementary school in boyle heights
stolen dog , owners finally reunited after 2 years
meghan markle , prince harry donate royal wedding flowers to hospice patients
us army officer brings afghan interpreter to live with him
greece bans obese tourists from riding on donkeys
anti poaching ranger ' s extraordinary selfies with two gorillas that look almost human
formerly homeless student gets into 17 colleges , on his own
89 year old woman knits 450 blankets for shelter dogs
americas got talent: soulful singer who is blind and has autism draws tears , cheers &amp; a golden buzzer
5 year old ohio girl fulfills ' visual bucket list ' wish to meet pope francis
heroic idaho youth football team lifts jeep to save woman
after his wife was denied water by upper caste people , an indian laborer dug a well for her in 40 days and uncovered a water source plentiful enough to sustain his entire village .
how we live together: the homeowner and the refugee
blue eyed albino orangutan rescued from captors
brooklyn da: prosecution of low level marijuana cases down 98 percent
tourists take homeless man to sweden for christmas so he doesn ' t spend christmas on the streets .
choir features singers with dementia and their caregivers
new hiv drug shows promise
in new york , acts of kindness flourish after chelsea attack
study shows global forest loss over past 35 years has been more than offset by new forest growth
meet the man living with alzheimers who climbs the same mountain every day
court rejects christian activist ' s $11m claim against judges as ' abuse of process '
he was forced to drop out of college and left bedridden for 11 years . then he invented a surgery and cured himself
when walter gachuk was repairing a building in cleveland , he noticed an american kestrel nest with eggs . the snavely group who hired him then put the $11 million project on hold until the fledglings left the nest . here ' s a live feed of the nest !
china moves to lift laws that currently require mandatory animal testing for all cosmetic products sold there by 2020
former marine saves mother , dog after all 3 fall into freezing pond
pink floyds david gilmour auctioned off 126 guitars and raised $21 million to fight climate change
two dogs rescued from apartment fired and handed to neighbors ' custody .
paralyzed dog about to be euthanized saved when vet intern finds tick in his neck
music of the mind: a stunning string quartet created through brainwaves
polar vortex may have killed significant levels of invasive species of insects
vietnam war veterans unite to build a club to with their former foes
photo of moroccan muslims praying at marrakech synagogue goes viral
' miracle ' baby boy who survived twenty five heart attacks in one day
arizona man plays santa after finding nogales girl ' s christmas wish list tied to balloon
teens hailed as ' hometown heroes ' for picking up elderly man who fell and taking him home to clean his wounds
after 18 years apart , ethiopian man finds his family in eritrea
paralysed former rugby star leaves hospital to escort his daughter down the aisle
abused puppy adopted by the good samaritan who searched for his cries , called the police
no doctor onboard a train , so transgenders helped 25 year old woman deliver her baby
devon gales , paralyzed in a football game , is walking again
photo of uofl professor babysitting student ' s kids during exam goes viral
11 year old to sell lemonade at whole foods
rwanda ' s president has pardoned 367 female prisoners jailed for abortion .
smallpox is the only human disease to be eradicated here ' s how the world achieved it
that ' s grape
teacher shares touching photo of lucky charms gift from student who had nothing else to give .
after decades long legal battle , gay couples 1971 marriage officially recognized
this childrens hospital was running low on handmade finger puppets . now , its inundated with creations from all over the world
byu vs . utah rivalry week scholarship fundraising challenge to honor maj . brent taylor
trump donates $100 , 000 to alcoholism research from presidential salary
ikea renames some of its products after common search terms , including the " my brother is over protective " bandages and the " my son is afraid of the dark " night light .
after his son died in crash , dad takes girlfriend to prom so she doesn ' t go alone
a food truck is feeding families in need for free in orange county .
teenager belts out song during brain surgery to preserve her ability to sing
cow rescued after nine days at bottom of devon cliffs
borat actor offers to pay mankini fines
lego donates 600 million dkk ( 90 . 7 million usd ) to new children ' s hospital in copenhagen
the worlds first 3d printed village is coming to latin america this summer new story believes that the homes could lift the families out of poverty and provide life changing benefits for generations to come .
having a home makes you feel like you belong somewhere " ( halima , uganda )
saudi arabian women finally allowed to hold passports and travel independently
4th grader invents device so parents won ' t forget their baby in the car
a bicycle is stolen; the victim leaves a sign , people from the neighborhood turn up to help with a spare bike and support . one person even offers $200 to buy the poster . this is the story of #karmacycle .
protection for cloral reefs in cuba
zoo animals overjoyed after snowstorm transforms enclosures into winter wonderland read more at http://www . 9news . com . au/good news/2017/01/13/06/27/zoo animals overjoyed after snowstorm transforms enclosures into winter wonderland
nearly 200 nations , including u . s . , china , and india , agree to commit to greener energy sources
libya ' s coastguard rescues 290 migrants off tripoli ' s coast
thomas the tank engine to bring over 1 , 000 lbs of school supplies to flint , mi
' he will be our brother ' : boy , 6 , asks obama to bring syrian boy to live with him
quit smoking tips &amp; more ! [no smoking day]
ford has developed a technology that allows blind people to ' feel ' the view from a car window
u . n . schools open in west bank , gaza despite u . s . funding cut
the us now uses less water than it did in 1970
u . s . births dip to 30 year low; fertility rate sinks further below replacement level : the two way : npr
t . i . gives late friend &amp;amp; bodyguard ' s daughter a new car
2 year old witch child who was left to die makes stunning recovery
massachusetts state trooper in boston saves newborn baby who stopped breathing
romania to withdraw corruption decree after mass protests the romanian government says it will withdraw a controversial decree that would have decriminalised some corruption offences .
sprinter dutee chand is india ' s first sportsperson to open up about her same sex relationship
in ghana , one man plants a future with 20 million new trees
hmcs regina crew names helicopter after humboldt broncos
sea turtle populations soared by 980% after legal protections
cape town may have averted day zero water crisis thanks to conservation efforts
denver boy that lost his father to cancer the day before opens lemonade stand to raise money to take his mom on a date
utah school installs showers , laundry facilities for homeless students
same russians who hacked dnc helped target , kill ukrainian soldiers
zimbabwean waiter uses his wages to run a free soccer academy
cleveland public library to kick off 10 year , $100m project to improve 27 neighborhood branches
anheuser busch donates truck load of canned water to the residents of flint . in all , they have donated more than 74 million cans of emergency drinking water to disaster stricken areas since 1988 .
kenyan athlete stopped to help his colleague , who nearly collapsed .
marwan the maslawi taxi driver in najaf , escaped isis for a new life
missing dog reunited to owner by singing along to tv theme song
the guardian angel
after ~10 years of getting doused in gasoline , burned iraqi boy hopes to help others in u . s .
chan zuckerberg initiative invests $3b to cure all diseases
teenager mason wells survives brussels terror attacks , paris attacks and boston bombings
at 97 , this vietnamese grandma has mastered the internet .
orangutans susi and desi return to their home in the rainforest
couple adopts abandoned baby after loss of 2 children
indian acid attack survivors find love together
rescue dog cant stop smiling since starting new life
mo salah visits boy who ran in to a lamp post waving at him .
china bans all coal imports from north korea , severing major financial lifeline for regime
rhode island police take in homeless saxophonist for a night
it was about four years ago when allyson nemeth and jessica flash , now both 13 , decided they would start a club to raise money to help kids with cancer .
orphaned best friends from africa coincidentally adopted by neighboring arizona families: ' there was a higher plan for our friendship '
bromances allow men to openly love each other , new study says
people of kinshasa ( congo ) welcome back postmen
muslim hacktivists hack isis website hours after isis claimed it was unhackable
little girl in indonesia cries inconsolably after missing out a chance to see the president who was visiting her hometown . daughter of the president then reached out to her family and had the man himself to give the little girl a phonecall on new year eve .
trump administration launches global effort to end criminalization of homosexuality
they were low on food and stranded at sea for 3 weeks . then a cruise ship appeared .
new cases of hiv are at their lowest level since 1981
free wi fi coming all over ho chi minh city singaporean company has offered to provide free wi fi for the whole city for both tourists and locals
cat cafe in seattle ! ! ! ! : )
the 13 year old boy who stole a bus to help his family
violence against women act extended thanks to shutdown ending
off duty nurse saves the lives of a woman and her unborn child by performing cpr at scene of car crash
this airport that runs completely on solar power , grows vegetables in between the panels
u . s . to help remove debt burden for students defrauded by for profit chain
the systematic culling of six billion male chicks mainly by means of gassing , grounding , and cervical dislocation will soon be prevented by cool emerging technology
college graduate receives diploma without the support of her wheelchair
' miracle mum ' donates 5 , 000 pints of breast milk to help premature babies and gay dads feed newborns
children report their parents to authorities after being made to watch islamic state beheading videos and fed anti british views
monopoly maker hasbro to cut plastic use in toy packaging
oregon man gets high school diploma 53 years late michael parker started his senior year in the fall of 1964 but two things got in the way: a misunderstanding with the principal over an unexcused absence and the vietnam war .
puts a smile on my face
indiana police officer saves choking toddler during first day on the job
anonymous donor pays off food bank ' s mortgage
hudsonville restaurant saves wedding after catering snafu
for four marines , reunion photo after 50 years means getting it right
the worlds oldest bird is ready to do the unthinkable have yet another baby
cow walks on wild side with polish bison
us , uk law enforcement sign proclamation against islamic female genital mutilation and cutting
they ' ll have to eat a shotgun too . " . . . . . e . hemingway ' s suicide letter was found . and it ' s the best suicide letter ever written .
how san diego built a bridge over the wall
goal reached: 1 , 000 homeless veterans receive housing
boy with down syndrome reacts to his brothers tattoo
teen smacks down alt right troll mocking her wheelchair: youre just mad it gets ridden more than you
marathon runners stop to help struggling man cross finish line
librarian leaves $4m to university of new hampshire bbc news
a black protester hugged a white nationalist outside richard spencers talk . why do you hate me ? he asked .
chobani yogurt owner hamdi ulukaya gives ownership stake to 2 , 000 full time employees
how falconry turned one man ' s life right side up
footage of a 9 year old goalie losing his soccer game went viral . then the pros he idolized weighed in .
a night to remember: cops escort girls without fathers to annual daddy daughter dance .
woman hires teens looking for a job because they don ' t want to be in a gang
' he couldn ' t stop crying ' : woman spends lottery winnings on hotel for homeless man
mainland colleges offer in state tuition to students affected by hurricane maria
her son died in 2016 , but a mom heard her son ' s heart beat again
3900 students take part in 3rd stage of syrian science olympiad
man finds daughter after putting her up for adoption nearly 40 years ago
fdny veteran saved from cardiac arrest by defibrillator he lobbied for months earlier
stroke survivor ready to run honolulu marathon
uk to back total ban on pesticides harmful to bees , says michael gove
texas man , 84 , becomes nation ' s oldest kidney donor after giving organ to neighbor
student invites mother to prom to give her night she never had
woman ' s stolen dog found 8 years later
federal prisons abruptly cancel policy that made it harder , costlier for inmates to get books [x post /r/books
california ready to go green with legalization of marijuana in 2018
how a self published author inspired by stephen king knocked his idol from the top spot on amazon
a private lunch with warren buffett drew a top bid of $3 , 456 , 789 from an anonymous donor , benefiting the anti poverty programs of the glide foundation of san francisco
rhino poacher killed by elephant and devoured by lions , officials say
very uplifting .
patrick barden , a british man with cerebral palsy , finished the london marathon yesterday . well done , patrick .
cubs win it and this 108 year celebrates !
texas mayor announces that she is transgender
more than 200 whales swim away after new zealand stranding
pair biking across usa , trash cleanups along the way
medicine hat , a town in canada of 60 , 000 has successfully ended homelessness .
three teen boys cover homeless man with a duvet and tuck him in for the night in heartwarming footage
from refugee to fugees !
kindly thief returns historic train station clock to ford
measles has been eliminated in the americas
the world spent less money to add more renewable energy than ever in 2016
5 year old saves mom from drowning
billionaire robert f . smith pledges to pay student loan debt of entire morehouse college graduating class
florida cancer patient thrown surprise street parade after last chemo session
d day veteran becomes world ' s oldest skydiver at 101 and 38 days
azim premji tops india philanthropy listing: hurun
soon to be centenarian couple , oaklanders share longevity secrets
the utah town that actually wants a national monument: in emery county the mostly republican residents are betting on adventure tourism to wean their economy off coal .
community helping volunteer firefighter rebuild from losing house to fire
police assist mother duck and her ducklings across busy street , for the 8th year in a row
jewish community hand muslims keys too synagogue after mosque burns
dancing doctor in boston busks a move to raise tips for charity
us solar plant costs fall another 30 per cent in just one year
airplane passenger helps arrest child predators after glancing at their text messages
13yr old girl overcomes her ataxia telangiectasia ( a t ) to complete a triathlon
nasa and stephen hawking are working on a nano starship that can travel 1/5th the speed of light
inventor creates shelters for homeless people that retain heat during winter
how dwayne dixon galvanized a town to stand up to the kkk
two firefighters out for a day of golf spring into action when a man collapses on the course , help save his life
new york public library makes 180 , 000 high res historic images available online
all over the world otter populations have been hanging in the balance , but two very different approaches have been successful in saving the species
she said yes ! serena williams announces her engagement to reddit co founder alexis ohanian in the cutest way b . scott | lovebscott . com
life is easy . we make it complicate by fast choices . its all about our personal capacity of decision making .
joy as ethiopia eritrea border reopens
down syndrome model madeline stuart stars in a romantic bridal shoot
donations flood into meals on wheels after white house threatens to pull funding
chicago polar vortex sparks stray cat mission , save ' em with straw
13 year old virgil smith rescued 17 of his neighbors during hurricane harvey on air mattress
nepals last known dancing bears rescued
syrian refugees in jordanian camp recycle mounds of trash for cash
vancouver international airport helping travellers to manage stress with dog therapy program
91 yrs . old indian gynaecologist , been treating her patients for free , since 1948 .
george and amal clooney reveal they are sponsoring an iraqi refugee
the friendship of george w . bush and michelle obama
what a kind hearted man .
in sign of u . s . economys strength , fed to start reducing $4 . 5 trillion balance sheet
mosquitoes engineered to pass down genes that would wipe out their species
after a man had a few too many drinks , he sent an injured baby bird to a wildlife rescue center in an uber
meet the anonymous artist installing bus benches at neglected stops on l . a . s eastside
' world ' s oldest cat ' celebrates 30th birthday
man aims to mow grass in all 50 states for those in need
m&amp;s that formerly used an alarm against rough sleepers makes good on its pledge to help them out
after getting a c grade on essay about a 200 year old pending amendment , a 19 year old spends the next ten years single handedly lobbying to get it passed . he succeeds , and now is getting credit for it .
dog walker pulled from bog after seven hours
texas boy creates kid friendly food pantry
lead levels in flint , mi ' s water are going down
malaysia firefighters rescue turtle trapped in power station
dog cruelly abandoned by side of the road finds loving new home
this 4 year old boy lost his prized dinosaur collection in the camp fire . strangers are helping him create a new one
girl is the second student in her public high school to get into all 8 ivy league schools
refugees plant the seeds of a new community in kansas city : npr
glasses that allow individuals with colour blindness to experience the vast richness of colour . share this with your friends and loved ones that are colour blind ! ! !
gainesville police officer plays basketball with kids after getting call that they ' re too loud
australian mechanic helps discover four planet solar system | science
101 year old sprinter breaks 100 meter dash record ( for women age 100 or older )
ikea reveals mixed progress towards ' climate positive ' and circular economy goals the world ' s largest furniture retailer has revealed that 70% of the materials used to make its products during 2018 were either renewable or recycled , as it strives to reach the 100% mark by 2030 .
dog owner uses old tennis shoe to create prosthetic paw
in a true ' act of love , ' man creates vegan chocolate for his wife suffering a milk allergy
los angeles rams ' cooper kupp buys new uniforms for hometown high school football team
santa claus grants terminally ill boys final wish as child dies in his arms
british astrophysicist overlooked by nobels wins $3m award for pulsar work: dame jocelyn bell burnell will donate the money to help students underrepresented in physics .
maximum security prison inmates participate in theater rehabilitation program
senator from utah working toward a simplified , 3 digit suicide hotline .
trump has not built a single mile of new border fence after 30 months in office
fda undercuts $375 , 000 drug in surprise move
man on his way to work stops to save pregnant woman and her unborn child by performing cpr until emt arrive
zero elephants poached in a year in top africa wildlife park: experts call it an extraordinary development in an area larger than switzerland where thousands of the animals have been slaughtered in recent years
powerball winner wants to give up to $50m to charity
ancient city of palmyra in much better condition than expected , says syria ' s antiquities chief maamoun abdulkarim .
california college student discovers 65 million year old triceratops skull
baby rhinos saved in amazing rescue from monsoon floods in india
article written about the 50 pound soft shell turtle that i rescued .
the number of youth in juvenile detention in california has quietly plummeted
a dog has " adopted " nine ducklings after their mother disappeared .
after 61 years , couple still eating original wedding cake
muslims shatter fundraising goals for vandalized jewish cemetery
road trippers in dallas rescue stowaway kitten stuck in car ' s engine
missing 12 boys and their football team coach are found alive in a cave in thailand
a program in omaha , ne works to provide food for kids during the summer months
hero dog rescues his pal from drowning in pool in viral video
identical twin boys at risk in the womb kept each other alive by cuddling
dogs found after four days after smelling sizzling sausages !
' days they dictate to us are over ' : poland vows to build baltic sea canal to bypass russia
massive monitor lizard freed from metal bar predicament
' miracle ' boy survives avalanche after being buried alive for 40 minutes
richard branson leads effort to create ' caribbean marshall plan ' : the multi billionaire founder of virgin group , richard branson , plans to lead the post hurricane rebuilding effort in the caribbean islands , possibly including debt relief negotiation efforts led by the international monetary fund .
tigers are making a comeback !
nasa worked out how to make food out of thin air and it could feed billions
penny farthing class in brisbane peddles love of building iconic bicycles
samim bigzad: uk government ' s attempt to deport afghan asylum seeker fails after pilot refuses to take off
great grandmother mastanamma the 106 years old youtube sensation
toronto helps ' doofy son ' find his parked car four days on bbc news
teen takes paralyzed father with him to college and cares for him while he studies
fifty years later couple sees photo of themselves when they first met at woodstock .
police rescues 36 infants in china from child traffickers
this boy dreams of being a royal guard and sent a letter to the queen .
man with seven kidneys donates five kidneys
chile just converted 11 million acres into new national parks
woman who kicked german shepherd sentenced to jail time , banned from owning pets [x post from /r/news]
watch moment when student finds out he won $100k scholarship from beyonce &amp; jay z in orlando
central new york mailman shares how he ' s been writing back kids who ' ve sent letters to santa for the past 32 years .
bill gates thinks the 1% should foot the bill for renewable energy , and he ' s offering the first $2b .
recent snowfall in winnipeg could help save endangered butterfly species
a rare disease gave him tree branch like hands . after 16 surgeries , he can finally see his fingers .
busker showered with tips after woman tries to stop his performance
people need to be held accountable for their tweets ! this one was .
nearly 50 years after his canon was stolen in vietnam , vet is reunited with it
nashville pizza joint delivers for its struggling neighborhood
fake news vaccine works , suggests a large new study ( n=15 , 000 ) , which shows a simple online game works like a vaccine , increasing skepticism of fake news by giving people a weak dose of the methods behind disinformation , a version of what psychologists call inoculation theory .
' we have much to offer ' : gramma shingoose shares tradition in times of joy , sadness
he applied to 20 of the best colleges and got a full ride to all of them
europe court orders italy to pay damages to amanda knox
enterprise rent a car foundation is donating $30 million to the nature conservancy ' s efforts to preserve and protect rivers and watersheds in the u . s . and internationally
norwegian broadcaster forces commenters to prove they read the article before commenting .
stranger on a flight steps up to communicate with passenger who is blind and deaf
successful treatment of hiv eliminates sexual transmission
200 universities just launched 600 free online courses . here ' s the full list .
colombians celebrate as peace deal is reached with farc rebels bbc news
a group of 8 gaelic footballers saved in dramatic rescue after being swept out to sea by rip current off irish coast
woman , now a firefighter herself , reunites with fdny lieutenant who saved her when she was 6
rojava children learn music amid violence
dutch soccer fans organize teddy bear toss for sick children
james bond of philanthropy gives away the last of his fortune
instead of buying a yacht , this person is sending an entire kindergarten class to college
sydney pensioner takes it upon himself to fix council ' s ' woeful ' christmas decorating attempt
rates of hiv/aids in south africa continue to decline with help
german pow leaves 384 , 000 to scottish village as a thanks for the kindness shown to him when he was captive
the cycling club helping homeless women regain independence | environment
franciscan brother rescues runaway piglet that stopped traffic in san francisco ' s mission district .
officer peabody is in jail for baking his dog alive . a cop was held accountable !
dolly parton donates 100 millionth book to children
a 100% renewable grid isnt just feasible , its already happening
penguin swims 5 , 000 miles each year to man who saved its life
texas school community surprises beloved crossing guard with funds to afford prosthetic leg repair
plastic microbeads can no longer be used in cosmetics and personal care products in the uk , after a long promised ban came into effect on tuesday . the ban initially bars the manufacture of such products and a ban on sales will follow in july .
50 cent on turning down trump ' s $500k offer: ' don ' t bring me to fix the african american vote '
gambian ( former ) dictator yahya jammeh concedes power after loosing the election to adama barrow
someone spontaneously gilded a gigantic amount of comments on this post to make others ' day better .
u . s . weekly jobless claims hold below 300 , 000 for longest streak on record
device could bring both solar power and clean water to millions
indian wrestler is not keen to collect the upgraded silver medal from 2012 london olympics on humanitarian grounds given that the original second place finishers positive dope test came after his death , to ' keep his honour intact ' .
starbucks ceo: we ' re going to hire 10 , 000 refugees
bibiana steinhaus will be first female referee in german football history to lead bundesliga games
pittsburgh penguins to wear stronger than hate patches , hold fundraisers for victims of synagogue shooting
man drives water to animals during drought in kenya
apopka firefighters save pregnant dog; become parents of 7 puppies
secret deodorant donates $529g to us womens soccer team to close gender pay gap
couple aged 103 and 91 to become world ' s oldest newlyweds after 27 years together
i pulled a 1 , 500 year old sword out of a lake
an alabama man walked almost 20 miles to his new job . when his boss found out , he gave him a car .
old friends senior dog sanctuary is the last pure place online
every night before going to sleep , my husband says to me " i ' m here if you need me " . i have ptsd and get nightmares and night terrors , so every night he reminds me that it is ok to wake him up for cuddles . and when i do wake him , he is never grumpy that i did .
4 year old saved after mom remembers ' dry drowning ' story
bon jovi to match all donations made to ailing employee
india provides free hiv treatment
thousands of arrest warrants for low level offenders recalled under directive from south carolina ' s chief justice
56 year old singaporean man puts up christmas decorations in his neighbourhood and pays for it out of his own pocket
scientists discover ' supercolony ' of adelie penguins in antarctica the surprising discovery comes after warnings of an alarming population decline among penguins .
inside the $3 billion race to kill plastic
iraqi muslim soldiers erect largest christmas tree in iraq in solidarity with christians
walt disney animation studios first olelo hawaii translated picture moana , will premiere at world oceans day on sunday , june 10 , at ko olina resort .
tribes commit to uphold paris climate agreement
minnesota pharma companies to pay for treatment
a mexican physicist solved a 2 , 000 year old problem that will lead to cheaper , sharper lenses: its a phenomenon known as spherical aberration , and its a problem that even newton and greek mathematician diocles couldnt crack .
wounded army veteran reunites with horse he never thought hed ride again
school tries to buy back artwork it created from charity auction and are heartbroken when they ' re outbid . things end well .
us child poverty at record low
like ' helping out a buddy: ' fishermen rescue whale on nova scotia waterfront
indian temple helps nurture ' extinct ' turtle back to life
the lds church donates $11 million to provide famine relief in africa and the middle east
boy puts end to 98 year ban on snowballs in colorado town
young moose rescued from icy lake with canoes near the bwca , minnesota ( x post r/minnesota )
saved by a passer by: cat survives after it is impaled on 8ft railings . his could well be britain ' s luckiest cat a ginger stray who has survived despite being impaled on three fence posts .
elderly couple married for 71 years die four minutes apart
our friend works offshore . . . he is going to be gone for 5 months and will miss christmas . we decided to throw him a surprise christmas party last night ! here ' s his reaction !
biodegradable algae water bottles provide a green alternative to plastic
panda express founders donate $30 million to caltechs medical engineering department
how table salt developed at u of t is saving millions of lives in india
chi chi , golden retriever with 4 amputated legs , wins american hero dog award
they went to manchester arena as homeless men . they left as heroes .
california will now require solar panels on new houses
operation irma chainsaw gangs and the yearning to help
lost monkey returned for christmas
the man who moved a mountain
italy quake: dog survives nine days in amatrice rubble
a protected bird called a killdeer has nested on a soccer field in new jersey , so all games have been moved to another field
muslim americans raise $20 , 000 for vandalized st . louis jewish cemetery
good news: fewer teens are being bullied harvard health blog
at dog tag inc . , veterans whip up cookies and business plans as they transition to new careers
nebraska veteran modifies wheelchair to plow snow
fyre festival caterer raises $160k on gofundme after scam
couple asks for 1 , 000 goats in lieu of wedding gifts
chobani yogurt announces it will pay off all of rhode island warwick school district ' s lunch debt
little boy shares beautiful news on day hes adopted: up next . . . big brother
a hacker is breaking into people ' s routers and patching them so they can ' t be abused by other hackers .
how a 3 d printed hand gave this girl the gift of play
truckers use semis to save man from jumping from an overpass .
kids ambush officer with nerf guns . hilarity ensues and up with matrix style video
principal shaves head in solidarity with bullied boy to support boy ' s grandpa with cancer
homecoming king gives crown to friend with special needs
oakland zoo doubles size , welcomes native wolves , bears and other california wildlife
flight attendant adopts stray dog who waited for 6 months outside her hotel aol news
john totalbiscuit bain to be inducted into esports hall of fame
stranger buys soldier ' s ticket so he can make it home in time
singaporean family reunited with long lost daughter after 23 years
austin man provides holiday relief , pays for families christmas
grandparents ' daily text messages to grandson saying good morning and including a photo of their matching outfits goes viral
europes science spending set for another big boost
san franciscos chief judge says he and his colleagues discarded 66 , 000 arrest warrants issued over five years for quality of life crimes , like sleeping on the sidewalk , because it made no sense to lock people up for fines they couldnt afford .
the miniature donkey therapy meet up
it ' s 2050 and this is how we stopped climate change
for anyone going through self doubt this one ' s for you ! ( step back , take a breath and relax )
' one of the greatest days of my life ' 105 year old becomes worlds oldest person to ride a rollercoaster
taking a wonderful tradition to the next level
wandering dog in pittsburgh area found
hundreds take part in large , public snowball fight
how a hand puppet is helping millions of ethiopian kids: in a country with high mortality rates , a tv show giraffe is educating youngsters by showing them healthy habits .
riverton resident donates companion puppy to special needs studen
polish baby born from mother on life support is doing fine
climate change: co2 emissions fall in 18 countries
lions eat south african poacher leave only head
nicu nurse falls in love with preemie , adopts her
he was paralyzed from the chest down . but he got obsessed with dancing at his friends wedding
in the last five years , kenya ' s poaching rates have dropped by 85% for rhinos and 78% for elephants . in 2018 , elephant poaching alone dropped by 50% .
sisters separated for 47 years meet for the first time: ' she ' ll never get away from me again ! '
lawmakers ok ban on sale of sunscreens linked to coral damage: despite reservations from some cancer experts , hawaii lawmakers approved a ban tuesday on the sale of sunscreens with chemicals that could be harmful to the environment .
the impressive medicinal value of the other bee products and the honey , too
former make a wish kid grows up to become a doctor at same hospital that once treated her
michael jordan calls &amp; sends boxes of gear to an autistic fan who went viral for wearing a full mj uniform during pickup games
us president barack obama has signed into law an initiative aimed at bringing electricity to 50 million people in sub saharan africa by 2020
6 arrested in oregon child sex sting
14 year old boy bravely rushes onto a highway to rescue a cat that was tossed out of a moving vehicle . both the boy and the cat are fine now and have an unbreakable bond .
new mexico will restore evolution to science standards
15 , 000 fish rescued after canal leak
local charity donates 1 , 500 lbs . of chicken to hungry families
espn feature on football coach with no arms , legs debuts
groundbreaking abc7 news aids journalist remembered for fearless video diary
littleport ' s phyllis , 92 , knits bears to make vulnerable children in the philippines smile
generic blood pressure , depression drugs to see up to 90% price cuts for canadians
jaime foxx helps save a man from a burning car
denmark rids itself of foreign debt for first time in 183 years [x post from /r/europe]
baby deer doing well after being found by labrador .
from syria to brazil: refugees find welcoming home
on a long ago christmas eve , an editor understood what we were supposed to do
meet the real life pet detective who finds 24 , 000 lost animals a year
beer , whiskey festival benefits needy animals
this entrepreneur raised $100 million to provide access to solar power to 2 . 3 billion people
ethiopia breaks tree planting record , planting 350 million in less than a day to tackle climate change
why did a us veteran give a stranger his purple heart ?
disney bans smoking , vaping at theme parks in california and florida
california island foxes recover from brink of extinction
group spends days looking for engagement ring after it was flushed down the toilet ( x post from /r/randomactsofkindness )
californias kindergarten vaccination rates hit new high
inspirational story of derek black , once considered the future of the white supremacy movement
' i think he would be proud of me ' : why the mister rogers movie trailer makes adults cry decades later
palestinian who saved jewish kids after terror attack gets israeli residency
local family reunited with $17 , 000 heirloom mistakenly donated to goodwill
dog mistaken for trash gets a second chance at life
deputies adopt puppies abandoned on the side of the road
canada to ban single use plastics by 2021
one man ' s long journey to help a stranger walk again
reddits most uplifting user hld r nrl $160 , 000 for vtm of fbk lv ttk
boston beer co . continues to honor memory of former employee , by memorializing him on one of their products , paying to help his family deal with the aftermath , and starting a scholarship at his alma mater
' witch ' boy left for dead by parents starts school a year on and he ' s a picture of health
uplifting article about how to change the world
india ' s double first in climate battle
i left jugs of water for migrants illegally crossing the desert into the us factbox . tv
i traveled the world to pursue style , but i found a world of kindness
canada announces ban on single use plastics
pink stops concert to hug teen who recently lost mom
amazon will raise its minimum wage to $15 for all 350000 us workers .
12 year old boy stands up to 11 , 000 anti gay protesters , saying he " hates people who hate
wapo: an open letter to the whole foods shoppers who consoled me when i learned of my dads suicide
bear , lion and tiger become an inseparable trio after a sharing a traumatic past
with love and hope , former homeless addict got clean and now helps others do the same
two saudi students drown while trying to save american children from drowning in us river
dog a ' hometown hero ' for helping save man who fell into water at california marina
man drives truck on fire to isolated place to avoid risk to others
man who ' s car was vandalized finds a new buddy within
great smoky mountains national park has its first female head ranger
tennessee man visits wife ' s grave every day for seven years
france and uk double pledges to un green fund to $3 . 5bn
kindergartner finds lizard in salad , now becomes class mascot . " ( it ) has wriggled its way into the hearts of an entire elementary school class . . .
down syndrome isnt a tragedy
inspiring story of a man who almost gave up on himself and contemplated suicide but sought the help he needed and turned his life into something he never dreamed of
nurse helped save preemie ' s life 28 years ago now he ' s a doctor at her hospital
texas diner gives waiter $750 tip to visit family in northern ireland
moose jaw barber offers haircuts to homeless
islamist girls school that taught pupils gay people should be killed and men could beat their wives forced to close
primary school drop out welder in assam builds his own helicopter
five bucks tip transforms into the biggest tip ever for one uber driver
man drops $1 , 300 outside supermarket , good samaritan returns all of it
a hiker who was badly injured on mount baldy has been reunited with his dog , a week after he was forced to leave her behind on the snowy southern california slope .
dog missing for month returns home after found bobbing in lake
dying paratrooper gets to kiss his bride one more time
south african firefighters fly 16 , 000 kilometers to help fight fort mcmurray wildfire
new jersey gives out free baby boxes in a move to lower infant mortality rates
11 year old boy shot 3 times while protecting his 2 year old sister should make full recovery
israel to ally with arab neighbors around red sea in bid to save worlds corals .
this barber gives homeless people free haircuts
officer ' s act of kindness helps man who lost wallet
it might seem like the world is getting worse and worse . but psychologist steven pinker says that across the board , data suggests weve made a lot of progress
more than 800 animals find loving homes after woman covers all adoption fees
rescue crews follow giggles to find toddler that was missing for 12 hours canada
daughter finds out mom is ok by seeing her on " cbs evening news " in hurricane michael ' s wake .
dog helps rescue injured hiker near anchorage
6 year old boy in norfolk saves his mother ' s life
this june , your favourite #canadian animal charity could win an extra $10 , 000 just from your donation on canadahelps with the great canadian giving challenge .
nyc: marijuana testing of job applicants is barred by city in groundbreaking measure
the tale of the stolen totenberg stradivarius ends with a new legacy
toronto zoo announces births of leopards , cheetahs amid strike
new medical procedure could delay menopause by 20 years new medical procedure could delay menopause for 20 years .
kenya bans plastic bags , reducing waste from 100 million+ bags that currently go to landfills there each year
nine year old sells out of girl guide cookies in front of cannabis store on first day
report: us on track for record coal retirements in 2018 , with more on the way
irani cartoonist and womens rights defender atena farghadani freed , after being sentenced to 12 year imprisonment in 2015 .
motorists rescue woman from burning car
local philanthropist donates $5 million to arnold palmer hospital
elementary school principal reads books on facebook to ensure her students have a bedtime story
grandmother gives 5 hilarious tips to living life on her 100th birthday
india just approved net neutrality rules that ban any form of data discrimination
mother hears son ' s heartbeat four years after he died as his heart was donated to someone with heart disease
when a ponoka teacher uses quick thinking to save a choking student . it was a joy writing this story .
tiny jag pulls out of afrofuture fest after learning white people would be charged more to attend
' i ' m elated ' this cat was flown from australia to ireland to be reunited with its owner thanks to online campaign
son tricks mum into accepting his kidney to save her life by saying it ' s for sale on ebay
3 year old boy pays heartfelt tribute to fallen officer by standing for 2 hours
runner reunited with marathon companion dog
zimbabwean man spends $5000 of his own money to put his country on google street view .
' we were incredibly lucky ' : irish rower crossing atlantic recounts capsizing , rescue
a time capsule , long forgotten at the space needle , is found
a chinese hospital ship has docked in venezuela , where for the next week it will provide free health care to local patients .
dogs are happier listening to reggae and soft rock , study finds
pensacola beach strangers make dog ' s last day on earth his best
memphis police officer comforts " hands up don ' t shoot " children
kerala priest donates kidney to save a muslim woman
a county in tx is helping veterans pay their bills
my disabled son the nobleman , the philanderer , the detective
oviedo high school students post inspirational words after vandalism in orlando , florida .
dui arrests cut in half since ride sharing began in louisville
hartlepool dad eric take first steps just days after pioneering ms surgery
target clerk asks girl if she wants a doll that looks like her
man with down syndrome opens cool snow cone shack and becomes youngest business owner in his town
the repo man came and decided to give instead of take: michael k . mcintyre ' s tipoff ( updated )
more than $3 . 5 million donated in 24 hours to help christchurch shooting victims
healthcare workers who are working over the holidays helped by improve medical culture
jetblue offering free travel to law enforcement attending fallen officer ' s funeral
emirati woman wakes up from coma after almost 30 years
from prague to mongolia , wild horses return to the steppes
nurse hitchhikes to help girl whose photo drew attention to hunger in venezuela
retiree ' s last bus ride home leads to sweet surprise
sibling cats reunited when owners start dating
old town road ' sparked ' incredible ' breakthrough for boy with non verbal autism . he started singing , and his mother started sobbing with joy
a builder fits a disabled couple ' s kitchen and bathroom for free after a rogue trader took 13 , 000 and then disappeared with the job half finished .
seven native american tribes in oklahoma join forces to provide habitat and food on their lands to help monarch butterflies
paralyzed outdoorsman designs bike to cycle woods again
now we just need to do this for dozens of other species
chinese school principal gets his students away from screens with some impressive shuffle dancing during breaks
bills fans thank bengals quarterback for ending their 17 year playoff drought by donating over $100 , 000 to his foundation for seriously ill / physically challenged children
american trucker treats busload of canadian veterans to dinner
my little sis had an accident today at kindergarten &amp; this is how my dad left to pick her up so she wouldn ' t feel so sad/embarrassed
planned parenthood to send superhero capes to senators who voted against healthcare bill
from 2000 to 2015 , measles vaccines have saved the lives of more than 20 million people around the world .
meet akash: the 6 year old competing in the national spelling bee
dog gets adopted after spending 525 days in shelter
paralysed man walks after groundbreaking spinal implant .
why is everyone painting this woman ?
nyc based musicians play for free in public places and let the homeless take donations from their cases .
she didn ' t have a babysitter , so this mom played trombone while holding her son
neighbours form human chain to prevent bailiffs evicting mum of five
the ozone is repairing itself !
bird lover sets up retirement home for parrots that outlive their owners
coffee drinkers less likely to die from certain diseases
melania trump tells hospitalized child the best part of being first lady is meeting kids like her
panasonic to develop green home appliances made from plants
london is launching donation points that will allow people to give money to homeless charities by simply tapping their bank card
rescue dog donates blood to help kittens see
from israel , quiet efforts under way to aid civilians in syria
my uncle got some much deserved recognition today . pretty proud of him and my aunt .
female vote is said to have propelled honest technocrat to somali presidency
phoenix coyotes hire first female nhl coach
kenya and ethiopia have become top destinations for clothing manufacturing
police &amp; security dance with one love manchester concert goers
dog says goodbye to dying owner in heartbreaking moment at hospital
baby elephant rescued from drainage well in south africa
dutch men hold hands in solidarity with attacked gay couple
judge finalizes $25 million trump university settlement for students of ' sham university '
drought levels in the 50 us states reaches an all time low since the inception of nation wide monitoring started in 2000
a different kind of s . w . a . t team: nishkam s . w . a . t is the first uk sikh charity to take the concept of ' langar ' to the streets of uk towns and cities . bbc mp3/audio/podcast .
a friend of mine finally debuted his product on nbc today . it ' s made to help children not be afraid of hospitals by giving them superpowers .
classmates wouldn ' t show up to 11 year old ' s birthday party , so the police department showed up , along with the fire department and the mayor
tesla fulfils bucket list of dying man by delivering his model 3 early .
that shishito pepper in your fancy ramen may have come from a refugee farmer in nashville
pakistani province grows 750 million trees
' i didnt know this much love could exist in one place ' : gofundme campaign raises $270k for impoverished teen
hero marine stole truck , drove vegas shooting victims to hospital
maasai boy invents solar lighting to keep lions away from cattle in kenya
mom of 4th grader singing ' imagine ' reacts to son going viral: ' right song at the right time '
puppy found severely burned finds new purpose as therapy dog
equality act: house oks pelosi priority bill to expand gay rights
ibm creates a molecule that could destroy all viruses . yes , all of them !
family sends pizza deliveryman to check on grandma after hurricane
cities may not prosecute homeless people for sleeping outside if they have no access to shelter , appeals court rules
good news ! a mutant snail has found love online #snaillove
interactive video i asked a bunch of people across the world to tell me how to say love in their language
texas a&amp;m grad has jaw dropping photo shoot with alligator
costa rica runs 100 days on renewable energy . sourced from r/til .
what we can learn about graciousness from jenna and barbara bush in their letter to sasha and malia obama , the bush sisters show us how to transcend partisanship and disdainand instead offer kindness and courtesy .
local business owner pays off overdue lunch accounts at grimes
first native american woman appointed judge in u . s . district court
for a little girl born without a jaw , life will never be the same after doctors create one for her
hacked amazon dash button donates $5 to the aclu whenever trump tries your patience
bernie sanders nabs the nation magazine endorsement
10 year old girl saves her family from burning home in valley stream
grenfell tower fire: woman offers to house dozens of homeless victims in empty student flats
this grandmas heartwarming kindness toward two brothers who lost their mother in the most horrific circumstances
after being dumped in australian animal shelters , these alpine dogs have been given a second chance to thrive in their natural habitat . and they ' re loving it !
busch gardens introduces world ' s steepest and fastest wooden hybrid coaster
the koreans who cheer for other countries : ' its just sports . its okay to support other countries and other athletes , ' says founder of 100 , 000 strong group dedicated to cheering non local teams .
a program that provides two years of free college tuition for detroit residents has been expanded to cover four years of education for students with good grades .
french scientists said wednesday they had found a way to pinpoint elusive white blood cells that provide a hideout for the aids virus in people taking anti hiv drugs
homeless man saved from bitter cold by female driver , who let him ride bus all night
8 year old returns $100 to 86 year old man who lost it
sandra bullock donates $1 million to harvey red cross relief
company recreates dementia patients ' doors to help homesickness
orioles to let children in free
new england patriots player julian edelman helped stop a potential school shooting
a dog that was lost on a scottish mountain for 48hrs , in midst of extreme winter weather , is rescued by coastguard . the coastguard helicopter crew spotted the dog on a narrow ledge above a 200ft drop . they brought him onboard and was later reunited with his owners .
' she chose me ' : veteran ' s service dog helps with healing
canadian reunited with wedding band lost in waters off hawaii
animal therapy comforts traumatised iraqi children
a tortoise gets a 3d printed shell after surviving a fire
couple in their 80s pose for their wedding photos 30 years after the big day
stuffed animal donations coming in
meet jelly bean , the deaf canine contender for world ' s most amazing dog title
bald eagle adopts a baby hawk
executives of healthcare company voluntarily freeze their own pay for 5 years in order to guarantee all workers will make atleast $15/hour
life expectancy around the world has increased steadily for nearly 200 years .
man who was given 10% chance of survival after brain injury completes ironman
chuck berry announces first album in 38 years
krispy kreme delivers doughnuts to officers over pastry loss
india plans to bring 75% of all indians under the govt sponsored health insurance plan ( aka modicare )
flying taxis this would be awesome
vending machines with free books coming to serve new york city
americans ' view of job market hits new high
veterinarians bring nearly frozen , unresponsive cat back to life
restaurant donates to charity after jackpot win
somali militant group al shabaab announces ban on single use plastic bags
a guy from portland discovered a way to turn salt water into drinkable water .
egyptian billionaire to buy an island for refugees
police officers gift bike to vallejo teen who walks two hours to work every day
' i want to help people ' : vancouver bottle collector donates around $15k to b . c . cancer foundation
hydrogen powered train with zero emissions completes test run in germany
students are finally being suspended for wearing hate symbols .
adoption lets couple keep a family together and expand their own
uruguay makes dramatic shift to nearly 95% electricity from clean energy in less than 10 years the country has slashed its carbon footprint and lowered electricity costs , without government subsidies
58 years later , the peace corps is still doing great work at home and abroad
we now understand cancer better now that we ' ve discovered why elephants don ' t get it like we do even though they ' re 100 x bigger . knowing is half the battle !
the great african regreening: millions of ' magical ' new trees bring renewal
elderly man gazing fondly at his elderly date in mcdonalds inspires true relationship goals
police chief: mcdonald ' s worker getting ' every penny ' of reward for turning in serial killer
pea size pill delivers insulin shot from inside stomach
scotland plants 22 million trees to tackle climate crisis , official figures show . a total of 11 , 200 hectares were covered well exceeding the current annual target of 10 , 000 , according to government statistics
jon stewart adopts emaciated pony abandoned in pennsylvania and hit by 125 paintball shots
lebron james opened a public school today in his hometown of akron , ohio .
renovated gorilla exhibit opens 1 year after harambe ' s death
vice president ' s wife installs beehive at official residence to draw attention to declining bee population
maine man gives away free grams of weed to hundreds on 4/20
progress being made against hiv/aids: who declares 17 countries free from mother to child transmission
vernon ' s new kindness meters proving their worth
man with special needs inspires community as a bat boy for a minor league baseball team
last year , more global coal capacity was closed than approved for the first time since the 19th century
cart collector john laroy , who works for the jewel osco store in homer glen , illinois , has been called the hardest working man in homer glen .
chocolate lab survives 27 days trapped in an abandoned well in saskatchewan , canada
how cape town stopped the taps from running dry: lessons from a water crisis
britain and america will no longer invade foreign countries ' to make the world in their own image ' , theresa may says
after 40 years working for the city , this guy is risking $100 , 000 to make it ' snow ' for kids in florida
woman surprises man who raised her with adoption papers
naresuan university has offered free tuition to the boys and their coach that were trapped in the cave
india has scrapped its 12% tax on all sanitary products following months of campaigning by activists
woman does the right thing after gift from atm
slovakia welcomes its first female president and shes an environmental activist
panda express worker deemed hero for saving choking child
morrisons moves to end killing of male calves at birth . uk supermarket guarantees market for unwanted offspring of dairy cows that might otherwise be slaughtered immediately
chicago police officer covers shivering woman with blanket
a virginia school named after a confederate general will be renamed barack obama elementary school
getting custom 3d printed prosthetic arm sparks 5 yr old girl ' s interest in stem
skills based volunteering: going beyond money , food and clothes
boy who frequently greets sanitation workers is gifted a toy recycling truck
three men jumped onto the tracks at a manhattan subway station and rescued a man who had collapsed . an oncoming train was just 2 stations away .
wigan man ' s chance reunion with long lost homeless brother
cassowary ' s surprise visit surprises australian family
an indian train passengers tweet helped save 26 girls from child traffickers
woman finds love after acid attack permanently disfigures her face
92 year old japanese woman who was in an internment camp , finally receives high school diploma .
rhino calf explores main safari park exhibit for first time
coal centric st . louis votes to get all electricity from solar , wind
mcdonald ' s aims for fully recycled packaging by 2025
cub scout pack welcomes den with nine girls
76 year old man raises more than $28 , 000 to feed stray , feral cats in his community
convoy leads toddler to heart transplant during pa . snowstorm
a veteran determined to become a machinist vets are the solution to the american manufacturing skills gap
poor girl ' s story gets her family a new home [x post r/thailandnews]
' i was 300lbs and used to cry with guilt and shame every night then i joined a gym and met the love of my life '
colombia: constitutional court upholds same sex marriage
india plants 50 million trees in one day , smashing world record . more than 800 , 000 volunteers pitched in to help the country fight climate change .
man in a permanent vegetative state for the past 15 years has shown signs of consciousness after pioneering nerve stimulation treatment
brooklyn da: prosecution of low level marijuana cases down 98 percent brooklyn daily eagle
boy pays it forward with ' free toy ' stand in front yard
marine returns tolkien ' s ' the hobbit ' to tompkins library nearly 38 years late
we tend to think that simply giving people money makes them lazy . yet a wealth of research shows the contrary: free money helps lift people out of poverty . whats more , eradicating poverty is an investment that more than pays for itself .
' conservation successes ' bring hope for mountain gorilla bbc news
cop does impressive dance to entice people to give charity
nasa says humans have accidentally created a barrier in space which protects us from space radiation
' he will be our brother ' : boy , 6 , asks obama to bring syrian boy to live with him
there is an organisation that creates personal playlists on ipods for patients with alzheimer ' s . you can donate a new or used ipod .
reading with your kids could earn nunavut parents a set of plane tickets
tx man loses 230lbs to join army
93 year old man sneaks out of retirement home for a romantic date ( article in french )
beach that was washed away in 1984 , arrived back after storm .
tampa man a ' hero ' after rescuing zeus , the missing kiteboarding jack russell terrier
waitress cuts ham , wins scholarship
a student couldnt find a babysitter . so his professor held his infant girl in class so he could take notes
making a crust: tesco to use unsold bread in new products
kitten rescued from barbed wire on 50 foot high castle wall
tiger count in india at 2 , 977 , doubles in last five years .
terminally ill teen wants thousands of birthday cards
the number of hungry children in the u . s . is at its lowest level since before the great recession
planned parenthood rejects abortion " gag order , " exits title x program
thailand cave rescue: all 12 boys and their football coach have been successfully saved
missing thai youth soccer team found in cave
thailand eliminates mother to child hiv transmission
2 year old couldn ' t walk so the highschool robotics department made him an electric robotic car
cat found three years after going missing .
villagers knit jumpers for indian elephants due to near freezing temperatures
for poorer people in india and many other countries , a computer engineer has found a way to detect breast cancer without radiation
more condoms , fewer cigarettes found in annual new jersey beach cleanup
norway apologises to its world war two ' german girls '
a dutch church has been holding 24/7 worship for 27 days to protect a refugee family
alzheimers disease damage completely erased in human cells by changing structure of one protein
north winton village residents show support for lgbtq neighbors after flags burned
a man tried to jump off a detroit overpass . then 13 truckers saved him .
first ever british russian orchestra celebrates friendship between wwii composers and friends britten and shostakovich
strangers on beach form 80 link human chain , rescue family from rip current
woman tracks down sperm donor and marries him
giant panda no longer an endangered species .
after gwinnett county police department officer antwan toney was killed in the line of duty , the sheriffs department received condolences from the entire community , including a group of inmates .
montreal restaurant owner offers free meals for homeless over holidays
homeless man who handed out resumes gets a hotel room
boy with rare form of cancer receives 1 , 000 halloween cards from around the world
breakthroughs put diseases on the back foot ( bbc news )
charity presents surprise gift to student with cerebral palsy seen in video being kicked
neighbors work to revive an appalachian community
jayme closs to get $25k reward money after saving herself
man meets woman on staten island ferry , still together 34 years later
six year old asks for donations to wildlife refuge instead of birthday presents !
indonesian teenager survives 49 days adrift at sea on wooden fishing raft
companies in chicago are thrilled to employ refugees . " employers have awakened to the potential of refugees
indiana teen becomes poster child on reddit for hard work after picture of his training regimen goes viral
jason ritter and melanie lynskey welcome a daughter
7 year old boy rides to school in style with kcpd officers after missing his bus
instead of getting gifts , denver girl gives
30 year navy veteran survived pearl harbor and battle of midway
public heaps praise on michigan boy seen in video filling potholes
elderly couple dies holding hands after 62 years together
giant batteries and cheap solar power are shoving fossil fuels off the grid
porn hub launches sexual health site
' breakthrough ' penny sized nanochip pad is able to regrow organs and heal injuries
singapore builds inclusive playgrounds for all children , featuring wheelchair accessible swings
happy to call the u . s . his home , wasco calif . man becomes u . s . citizen at 100 years old , his wife , 94 gains u . s . citizen next week .
muslims fundraise to help repair vandalised jewish cemetery
2017 had lowest number of traffic deaths in pa . records: penndot
uk band pulled apart by horses charity cover ' ziggy stardust ' all proceeds go to the teenage cancer trust
ford motor company to procure locally sourced michigan wind energy through collaboration with dte energy
former nazi pow leaves 384 , 000 to scottish village .
sole firefighter to survive washington blaze finds love and healing
las vegas is trading parking tickets for pencils , pens and paper for students
george w . bush breaks down his affection for michelle obama: we just took to each other
lost sloth found clinging to a motorway crash barrier rescued , treated by a vet , released back in to the wild safely
' tiniest baby boy ' ever sent home leaves tokyo hospital
four year old boy uses siri to save his mom ' s life
usa installs record amount of solar power 191% growth
a turkish shepherd girl carries a newborn goat and its mother with her dog
golden retriever unearths $100 , 000 worth of heroin while digging in backyard
brazil museum fire: prized ' luzia ' fossil skull recovered
israel honours first recognised arab holocaust saviour
video game voice actresses are more in demand than ever before
boy , 11 , prevents 3 year old girl from drowning in ' miracle ' rescue
extinct trees found in the queen ' s royal garden aren ' t so extinct
love giant insects ? meet the tree lobster , back from the brink
crossfit trainer provides free classes to recovering addicts
toronto officer buys shirt , tie for shoplifter who needed outfit for job interview
boat captain rescues ' miracle ' cat thrown off bridge
india cancer survivor brings joy to destitute children
the little girl who grew up to become a cop and catch the man who sexually abused her
jeff bezos says we ' re destroying earth , but amazon is the slowest tech giant to go green
cabinet manufacturing warehouse sending all 800 employees to caribbean all on president ' s dime
new zealand ' s minister for women has cycled to hospital to give birth to her first child
monster trucks come to houston to help in rescue operation
8 year old surprised with early admittance , college scholarship after motivational video goes viral
dad says man who bonded with toddler at the airport showed her ' kindness and compassion '
teenager who rescued a stray cat just received some very unexpected holiday presents when her new kitty gave birth to noel , joy , christmas , and faith under the tree , just in time for a very merry caturday
terminally ill mom receives last wish to see her daughter graduate
someone bought the domain bearing supreme court justice brett kavanaugh ' s name and turned it into a site dedicated to helping survivors of sexual assault
atletico nacional ask conmebol to declare chapecoense as south american champions following the plane crash that killed almost all chapecoense ' s players and staff
dorian murray , an 8 year old boy fighting terminal cancer , has last wishes fulfilled by social media ( and would love a minute of your time to hear his story ) .
flight attendant saves teen from human trafficking after finding note onboard the plane ' s bathroom .
guy lives his life positively even after sufffering over 80% burns to his body by dressing up as freddy krueger . his friends call him crispy .
special needs students work , learn at westboro candy shop
first cat in space felicette to get memorial statue after successful crowdfund
senior golden retriever gets ' seeing eye puppy ' after losing his eyes
india ' s youngest single father who adopted a kid with downs syndrome , holds a unique wedding , invites 10 , 000 homeless people and 1000 stray dogs and animal
indiana animal shelter to hold ' no barking zone ' adoption sale
young teddy bear maker wins hearts across globe as good deeds go viral
teacher who asked students to predict their futures delivers their letters 24 years later: student wanted to be mother and teacher . . . she did it !
police say a teenager who attached uplifting messages to a bridge to help people facing a mental health crisis has helped save six lives .
wrestler davey boy smith jr . lifts up and rescues suicidal woman hanging from calgary bridge
mars was capable of supporting life for much longer than previously believed , say scientists who have discovered halos of silica rich bedrock on the red planet .
the number of registered organ donors in america has nearly doubled in the past decade
couple , married 69 years , die minutes apart , holding hands
canadian government has operated secret underground railroad for gay chechen refugees
woman who lost partner , mother , sister and two sons in pier accident completes marathon with hero who saved her baby
rural king donates $460k to sarah bush lincolns heart center
cheerios will mail you 500 wildflower seeds for free to help save honeybees
til 200 ugandan women who earned $1 . 20 a day donated over $900 to u . s . victims of hurricane katrina
chelsea manning leaves prison , closing an extraordinary leak case
baby announcement gets texted to wrong number . guy shows up with gifts anyway
one atlanta couple is using their wedding registry to create a bit of magic for kids in need
are digital nomads the future of work ? the development set
whirlpool put laundry machines in some schools and increased attendance by 90%
x post from r/news judge sentences veteran to a day in jail , then does the time with him
ethiopia becomes the 42nd country to eliminate maternal and neonatal tetanus since 2000 .
ellen degeneres cries after receiving presidential medal of freedom at star studded white house ceremony
this is the cajun navy , which is helping the people of houston after storm harvey
homeless nigerian refugee , 8 , touted as chess prodigy after becoming one of america ' s top players
britains rarest insect spotted after no sightings for decades
a dolphin was stranded . a fishing guide and his two passengers helped save her .
this fort worth , texas police officer dresses up as superheroes to cheer up sick kids
a massive and unprecedented coral bleaching event may finally be coming to an end
a way to help save bees and the future of food
californian law change means pet shops can sell only rescued animals
' mom ! ' military mom surprises her sixth grade son in sweet reunion at school
106 year old ww2 veteran reunited with uniform weeks before death
facebook co founder sean parker donates record $250 million to cancer immunotherapy research in 6 hospitals .
a dog has acted as the surrogate father to a baby possum , letting it snuggle in his fur until it was reunited with its mother .
dutch church unites for five week long service to save family from deportation
woman cuts eye and nose holes in her fence to give the neighbor ' s pooch a better view
every schoolchild in britain will get routine mental health checks as britain appoints world ' s first minister for suicide prevention
americas renewable energy capacity is now greater than coal
over 2000 australians , war veterans , aboriginal elders and children block coal ships from entering harbour to protest climate change
12 year old girl raises $1 , 765 to give gifts to shelter
manta ray named freckles showed divers hooks embedded under her eye\u00a0
sailor working to classify post traumatic stress as injury , not disorder
someone finds and returns paralympics athlete ' s missing prosthetic legs .
paralyzed man regains use of arms and hands after experimental stem cell therapy at keck hospital of usc
13 semis line detroit freeway to help man considering suicide
heard some person has invented the dating site for transgender people search steamy relationships . decided on telling others so i could recieve the secret prize
syrian refugees get jobs in toronto as newcomers find their way in canada
more japanese smoking weed than inhaling solvents !
dad held up his phone to take a selfie . we all screamed when we saw someone in the backseat
israel to become the 4th country to ever make a lunar landing on february 21 .
39 of fallen police officers friends gather to honor his daughter during graduation ceremony
the story of two tamil nadu villages that have not burst deepavali crackers for decades
brahmins donate land , sikhs fund mosque in barnala village
construction company praised for recovery of three labs
alberta teachers grad video goes viral
free farmers market gives cancer patients better opportunity for health
india passes transgender persons protection of rights bill
gene editing relieves muscular dystrophy symptoms in dogs: the technique may be used to help humans
who liked hurricane sandy ? these tiny , endangered birds
truckers team up , save suicidal man on metro detroit freeway
heartwarming story of nbc correspondent richard engel and his son with rett syndrome .
driver saves 56 kids in school bus seconds before it goes up in flames
disney ' s ' moana ' to make its worldwide debut in olelo hawaii: the polynesian themed disney hit " moana " is making its worldwide debut again . only this time , everything is in the hawaiian language .
woman turns her house into cat sanctuary , moves into trailer
high court in india orders sealing of hotels , ashrams , factories in a city for polluting river ganga
norway becomes first country to ban all palm based oil based biofuel to protect rainforest
world ' s 1st anti dengue vaccine ' dengvaxia ' brings hope for india the who has called on endemic countries to reduce dengue mortality by 50% &amp; morbidity by 25% by 2020
here ' s how google , facebook , and lego celebrated christmas this year
texans ' j . j . watt delivers new jerseys to boy hit by car
nigeria anti corruption forces recover $3 . 1 billion dollars of stolen funds
kevin smith is giving his harvey weinstein movie residuals to women ' s charity
the city of melbourne assigned trees email addresses so citizens could report problems . instead , people wrote thousands of love letters to their favorite trees .
13 truck drivers line up under highway bridge to prevent a suicide attempt
teen gives up marching to be her band mate ' s ' eyes ' on the field
economic growth slashed global poverty to historically unprecedented level
2 high school sweethearts found love again 44 years later
2000 baby flamingos , rescued after being abandoned in south african drought , are being hand reared by volunteers
hoosiers answer the call , and then some , after local shelter pleads for help
[article] get inspired . this girl sold newspapers once and now she just graduated from india ' s top engineering educational institute , iit .
happy new year guys
millions watch tragically hip live on cbc canada cbc news
ontario town partners with uber to create substitute for public transit
faith , the two legged dog who inspired millions , dies surrounded by love . . . and cheese !
new zealand former sex worker becomes a dame in queen ' s birthday honours catherine healy , who helped decriminalise prostitution , honoured with an order of merit for services to the rights of sex workers
genetically pure bison found in utah
iceland elects 41 year old environmentalist as prime minister
11 year old boy invents device to prevent kids from dying in hot cars
8 year old boy used own money to make " care packs " for the homeless , then starts gofundme page
muslim americans raise more than $120 , 000 for those affected by synagogue shooting
watch this teen with cancer marry his high school sweetheart in gorgeous hospital ceremony
trucker saves dogs thrown from vehicle on new york highway
new global burden of disease report says that between 1990 and 2017 , deaths of kids and teenagers decreased by 51 . 7% , from 13 . 77 million to 6 . 64 million .
baby seal rescued after falling into moat around zoo enclosure
couple adopt dying neighbour ' s 3 kids but when they get home , their old house has gone
the kids are all rightbut why ? " todays teens are better behaved than any previous generation examined by researchers .
mom holds previously conjoined twin for first time after surgery
brave couple who lost baby jamie hours after birth emotionally introduce their beautiful newborn twins two years on
despite the recent low prices of fossil fuel ( &lt; $30 per oil barrel ) , renewables aren ' t showing signs of slowing down ( 6x more investment than in 2004 )
26 women rescued in seattle human trafficking bust
siberian teen who lost arms while saving kitten gets $17 , 000 in donations for prosthetics
the road warrior: houdini , the i 65 goat
nobody had the right equipment so this tree climber rescued a distressed cat stuck 15 metres up for 3 days
single mum ' s nasa internship funded by strangers
florida cops deliver dresses made by a 99 year old woman to an orphanage in puerto rico after hurricane maria devastated the island
canadian man wins $1m on lottery and then wins a seat on city council 2 days later
ozone hole over antarctica is smallest its been since 1988: nasa | toronto star
elon musk agrees to ten year old ' s request for ad contest
17 moments we saw love in action in 2017 . it is important to focus on stories of hope , kindness , mercy , and selflessness
former ' terrible racist ' apologizes , gives $2k to black greenville church
high school custodian bestowed her own car by total stranger
nanaimo homeless man returns diamond ring to grateful owner
girl helping homeless with cookies , lemonade sales
175 doctors in one small village; out of 180 families living in this village , a laudable number of 175 residents have managed to graduate in different medical fields , that is , one doctor for almost every house
man invented a generator that sat for four years before a neighbors electricity went out that he needed for his oxygen tanks . the generator worked great after all these years and helped the man survive !
a rescued one eyed cat who loves to swim &amp; surf the waters of hawaii
families wake up to find that someone paid for their family ' s christmas toys
abortion pills airdropped by drone to european countries where it is illegal to have a termination by a female ' pro choice ' doctor
real fox on road: driver saved road and stayed until arrival of police . fox saved . ( germany ) .
happy tears ! piglet who fell off a factory farm truck just experienced grass &amp; sunshine for the 1st time
amazon announces a $15 an hour minimum wage for us employees , a move benefiting more than 250 , 000 workers
pakistan passes landmark transgender rights law
old toys will self destruct thanks to vanishing plastic
so i recently read here that adults go to bed with teddy bears and that got me thinking , how many of us like to cuddle a pillow while sleeping ?
suicide survivor gets a second chance at life . becomes the youngest person in the us to receive face transplant .
' everest of dentistry ' : shane macgowan gets new teeth in tv special
us gdp is up 3%
chinese universities add hiv test kits to vending machines to tackle virus ' rise in taboo sex culture: along with chips , instant noodles and soft drinks , students in a growing number of chinese universities now have the option of also grabbing an hiv test kit to go from their campus vending machine .
tom hardy launches fundraising drive for manchester bomb victims
domestic violence shelter being custom built to include pets
infant ear infections becoming less common
mosul zoo ' s only surviving animals are rescued from war torn iraqi city
in barbara cook ' s final days , her friends came to sing at her bedside
these shelter dogs were ' ball boys ' at the brazil open and stole the show .
saudi arabia: all female brunei crew in historic flight bbc news
police give ride to diabetic teen in need of urgent medical treatment
pet chicken named sammi explores florida , captures hearts
an old blue heeler named max remained by the side of a three year old girl and led searchers to her after she spent more than 15 hours lost in rugged bushland on queensland ' s southern downs overnight .
one texas county is behind a record three year rise in exonerations
40000 people protest in amsterdam against the dutch government ' s lack of action against climate change .
once homeless teen accepted into 18 colleges , gets into his dream pick school
couple to wed in hallway at clifton nj high , at lockers where they met
refugee children dance in first snowfall
woman finds wedding ring in instant pot box and returns it to rightful owner
aussie women helping to ease the mental scars for syrian refugees looking for salvation in istanbul
childless horse adopts orphaned calf in australia
former ' terrible racist ' donates large sum of money and gives his apologies to african american church
how 8 starving horses were rescued from the brink of death
fiona apple is pledging criminal royalties to legal aid for border detainees
meet the man who spent 12 years trapped inside his body watching barney reruns
chinese crane driver rescues passengers after bus falls into river and labelled a hero
waitress gets 370% tip and priceless note from patron
love against the odds
japan built tunnels to prevent turtles from being crushed as they cross train tracks
hulk hogan wins $115 million in gawker sex tape case
ikea monkey living comfortably since becoming an internet meme three years ago
new sentences: creative writing program allows idaho inmates to find their voices
refugee from afghanistan picks up boxing in his new country of japan and defeats the japanese national welterweight champ in an upset .
mit just discovered a way to mass produce graphene in long rolls
maine mystery writer keeps unleashing his passion for dogs rescuing 15 30 at a time .
berlin zoo says panda meng meng is pregnant
former poachers swap guns for cameras to save russia ' s snow leopard
dog strolls onto news show during weather report , has anchorman cracking up
mom of 3 adopts friends 6 kids after her death
rescued ' dancing bear ' explores new home in sanctuary after successful quarantine ' he completely lost it when he saw this , he was so excited . he had never had the chance to play with anything [before] '
polite , handwritten rejection letter from the late , great harper lee
canadian teen who pressured law makers to create a more comprehensive suicide prevention plan awarded with a national award .
quilts donated by iowa city group provide comfort to those in need
nouabale ndoki national park ' s gorilla siblings hug
new peanut allergy drug shows lifesaving potential
islamic state militants drove ayman hussein from his home . eighteen months later , he sent iraq ' s soccer team to the olympics .
artist turns abandoned tires into art around baton rouge
the maven of mayhem: my wife came out at work , and her co workers threw her a party
portugal runs entirely on renewable energy for four consecutive days
teacher who creates unique handshakes with each student is featured on today show
when students were bullied because of dirty clothes , a principal installed a free laundromat at school
huge jumpers knitted by villagers to keep elephants warm
norway wants to give finland a mountain for its 100th birthday this year , and the story has now been made into a short film
dog is rescued after it ' s found swimming 135 miles ( 217 kilometres ) out at sea
for the 74th year , csx santa train bringing clothes , toys to appalachian children
marchers call for same sex marriage at chile gay pride rally
3 year old with no limbs taking care of his crying little brother .
ice detains man driving pregnant wife to hospital to deliver baby
wish comes true for cleveland cavaliers fan battling terminal cancer
old japanese train station stays open for only one daily passenger
the black man dismantling the kkk with friendshipone robe at a time
homeless man who gave away his last $20 buys home thanks to fundraiser
fort mcmurray wildfire evacuees gave birth to 2 babies while staying in emergency work camp
four year old sparks new purpose in lonely seniors life through unlikely friendship national
half billion year old fossil brains found in ancient predator
cincinnati cow escapes slaughterhouse and becomes worldwide symbol of freedom
pretty darn cool
house democrats could end federal marijuana ban in 2019 . will they ? vote !
world economic forum: " india now a world leader in renewable energy " at 2nd place
we tend to think that simply giving people money makes them lazy . yet a wealth of scientific research proves the contrary: free money helps . it ' s time for universal basic income .
flash of memory and dna: missing man found after 30 years
valor home can be like family to homeless veterans ( photos , video )
penguin swims 5 , 000 miles each year to man who saved its life
divorced couple still takes a family portrait every year for their son
mumbai removes 4000 tons of debris from mithi river , begins planting of 1000 mangrove trees along river banks
german police deliver pizza after traffic accident
more about alla ilyinichna levushkina , the oldest surgeon of russia , 89 years old ! still holds more than a hundred operations a year , with zero fatality .
social worker left surprise $11m to children ' s charities
renovation leads to recollection
( als ) strangers living a mile apart in fishers discover theyre sisters .
dolly parton donates 100 millionth book to the children .
food pantries benefit from metro airport donations
from homeless to helping: maine mom helps hurricane victim
a french couple whose cottage was destroyed in a fire in galway , ireland , have moved into a new home built by the local community
green sea turtle populations in florida and mexico are no longer considered endangered !
homeowner protects injured bald eagle after finding it in front of house
south korea bans importation of taijis dolphins dolphins caught in taiji japans notorious drive hunts will no longer be welcome in south korea .
50 years after hospital ' s 1st kidney transplant , patient reunites with doctor
strangers throw baby shower for pregnant mom whose three kids , fiance died in fire
critically endangered turtle spotted laying eggs at singapore east coast beach
happy 73rd anniversary president jimmy and rosalynn carter
an autistic man finding his emotion
montreal will say bye bye to plastic bags by 2018
india to phase out 5 . 5 gw of coal fired power plants
alberta expands $25 daycare to 78 more child care centres
texas student presents grandparents with $15 , 000 so they can pay off their mortgage
india elects untouchable president from lowest caste .
' spider man ' stars are do gooders in real life , too
china launches crowdfunding campaign to restore the great wall
female chief in malawi breaks up 850 child marriages and sends girls back to school
kazakh policeman adopts five children of different ethnics
dog found after 9 years , already picking up where she left off
police rescue puppy from burning trash can
homeless remove 48 , 000 pounds of trash from san jose creek
lifeguards meet unborn baby they saved decade ago
all dutch trains now run 100% on wind power
113 year old holocaust survivor , the oldest man in the world , has bar mitzvah 100 years later
the number of malaria cases in india was cut by almost half last year , an indication that the countrys malaria elimination programme is succeeding .
nigeria: bill and melinda gates foundation to help nigeria repay u . s . $76 million polio facility
bodybuilder with cerebral palsy inspires millions
police officer honored by celtics after donating 20% of his liver to an infant
this 100 year old dallas man breaking running records will inspire you
nj public employee retires after never missing day of work in 62 years
after 11874 days the dogs of chernobyl are finally being rescued and cared for . .
for the first time , miss usa , miss america and miss teen usa are all black women
students escort girl to class after she reports racial harassment on campus
the best use for a 3d printer i ' ve ever seen
travelling carnival life is more than a sideshow for this fourth generation show family
chick fil a cashier returns forgotten $3 change weeks later
a grandfather ' s dream come true: proud aboriginal elder dances with granddaughter at graduation
dental surgery ends snoring for backyard porcupine
fsu football player travis rudolph eats lunch with sixth grader sitting alone
scientists reveal most accurate depiction of a dinosaur ever created
school superintendent donates his $10 , 000 bonus to high school seniors applying for college
the story behind the american dream photo at west point that went viral
energy renewables generated more electricity than coal for the first time in us history
heres how the internet helped this couple track down their sensational proposal photo
supreme court of india to deliver landmark ruling on section 377 which criminalises " intercourse against the order of nature " which punishes homosexuality .
the european union says it is aiming to become the first major economy to go " climate neutral " by 2050 scientists say that net zero emissions by 2050 are needed to have a fighting chance of keeping global temperatures under 1 . 5c this century
frustrated judge demands o . c . find shelter for homeless being evicted from camps
this 8 year old tampa kid wouldn ' t let fear keep him from seeing one of his favorite bands live in concert and he wasn ' t alone
wyoming troupe with disabilities raising money for mental health research
teslas inherent safety saves five joyriding teenagers in germany
12 year old boy accidentally runs up $110 , 000 google bill
store owner invites thief back to store to help him with food
5 year old boy calls 911 to invite deputies for thanksgiving national
world ' s smallest surviving baby finally goes home from san diego hospital: ' she ' s a miracle '
democratic activist pledges $30 million to get young voters to the polls
i should ' ve been dead . " after his life is wrecked by addiction , losing his family , the car crash , the coma , tate is grateful .
injured dog gets ' blade runner ' prosthetic legs in thailand
off duty florida police officer helps save child
girl , 8 , pulls 1 , 500 year old sword from lake in sweden
nepal bans single use plastics in everest region
thai beach used in leonardo dicaprio film the beach is to close because of large number of visitors it receives a day . thailand ' s national parks and wildlife department announced that maya bay , situated on phi phi leh island in andaman sea , will be closed to all tourists for four months annually .
this 15 year old invented homeless sleeping bags that are ' saving lives ' .
nazi germany survivor fosters baby oppossums into her 90s
homeless drug addicts decided to find and return a bicycle that was stolen from a 12 year old boy ( finnish )
jews &amp; muslims dance together at hanukkah party in bahrain
a beautiful wwii love story gets a happy ending after 70 years .
mom shaves her head to help her little girl cope with brain surgery
solar panel capacity to overtake nuclear energy next year in historic landmark
texas has generated more electricity from wind than coal this year .
teachers paint positive messages on bathroom stalls
stabbed woman regains her smile and marries the man who saved her
dog reunited with owner after two year absence and 2 , 200 mile journey
man shows gratitude for 400 u . s . troops at airport by buying them all dinner
irish public raises 340k to send teen with cancer to united states for treatment after her heartbreaking video goes viral
my hometown pizza shop gave away free pizza for a year; only to have the guy who won give it away !
fed up villagers in wales install ultrafast broadband
lane johnson donating proceeds from merchandise to philly schools
city ' s largest shelter breaks protocol , takes in 800 overnight
mississippi boy calls 911 on the grinch
africans are seeing a steady improvement in the quality of their lives , with some countries even nearing world averages , says a wide ranging report out monday on the continent ' s future
pizza delivery via helicopter to stranded factory workers in kentucky
stolen 400 year old bible from pittsburgh ' s carnegie library recovered in netherlands
capitals owner ted leonsis offers seats , plans to meet girl who wanted puck
construction of dakota access pipeline to be re routed
20 year old florida man claims $451m mega millions jackpot
yasiel puig spends day off at camp for kids with cancer | mlb . com
parkland student that shielded other students from bullets with his body has now been released from the hospital , healed and healthy .
cars dominate cities today barcelona has set out to change that
an army officer supports the british armys campaign against discrimination
paris ' notre dame ' saved from total destruction ' , fire official says , after blaze ravages cathedral
los angeles county passes ambitious climate plan
dog saves life of man injured , paralyzed in snow
westjet christmas miracle: fort mcmurray strong
horny male seeks mate: kenya ' s last northern white rhino joins tinder
dentist pays $15 , 000 bill for military veteran ' s dental work
missing pony swept away in floods miraculously finds own way home
a survivalist filled his massive basement with food and then decided puerto ricans needed it more
a special needs classmate is bullied , but watch the boy behind him . . .
the shampoo bottle saving babies from pneumonia
us boy offers home to syrian refugee in letter to obama
chuck feeney: the billionaire who gave it all away . philanthropist lives modestly in rented apartment after giving away $8bn fortune .
' ewe beauty ' : police officer helps dehydrated sheep as australia bakes in extreme heat
it was the perfect storm: mum who sadly lost both parents and grandmother months after wedding finally tackles weight that gripped her life
a michigan boy told santa claus he was worried that having autism would put him on the " naughty list . " cnn affiliate wxmi reports that santa knew just how to respond .
pop up shop offering communion outfits for families who are struggling financially
obese rescue dog fat vincent makes stunning transformation in quest for new owner
new father fired for attending child ' s birth inundated with job offers
uk medical research lands 1bn from cancer drug sale
philanthropy group donates more than 1 , 000 books to tps students
this made me happy
publix employees comb through landfill to find 3 year old ' s stuffed animal
german parliament votes to legalise same sex marriage
from duct taped shoes to $11m: man leaves surprise donations . the washington state social worker died of cancer this year at age 63 , leaving most of a surprising $11 million estate to children ' s charities that help the poor , sick , disabled and abandoned .
kindergarteners learn sign language to make first deaf student , 6 , feel welcome at school
running with criminals: the prison that helps inmates rehabilitate a mile at a time
ethiopia and eritrea declare end of war
colorado company wins grant to provide more pet prosthetics
teen who lost his hands makes 3 point shots on the basketball court
a paralysed man named dan black sacrificed a possible chance of walking again to help a disabled boy walk instead .
edmonton woman catches purse snatcher , returns wallet , takes thief for coffee
police " catch " foreign cleaner in the act of helping the needy ( x post )
teen girl buys every cupcake in bakery after another customer behind her rudely and loudly fat shames her
who removes transgender as mental disorder
afghan interpreters who served with british troops fighting against taliban will be able to stay in uk for free . more than 150 afghans given five year residency permits faced being sent back to afghanistan when they expire , unless they paid 2 , 389 to apply for indefinite leave to remain .
toronto police officer buys shoplifter suit he tried to steal
all houston isd students to receive 3 free meals per day this school year
france moves towards full ban on pesticides blamed for bee losses
watch this 17 year old dancer with no limbs stun the crowd !
what do you do when five baby squirrels accidentally tie their tails together ?
the university of texas elects its first latina , physically disabled student president
secret santa covers $49k in layaways at walmart store
many indians are offering to donate their kidneys to foreign minister sushma swaraj after she tweeted she was undergoing tests for a transplant
navy finds missing dog that fell off fishing boat in pacific ocean 5 weeks ago
utah baby born at 24 weeks with ' zero percent ' chance of survival nearing 1st birthday
stephen curry ' s mom beats him at nba all star exhibition with half court shot
ai was 94 percent accurate in screening for lung cancer on 6 , 716 ct scans , reports a new paper in nature , and when pitted against six expert radiologists , when no prior scan was available , the deep learning model beat the doctors: it had fewer false positives and false negatives .
a young trainee at a suburban detroit cafe was speechless , her manager says , when she received a 2000% tip .
autistic teen donates a portion of his lifetime supply of peanut butter to furloughed employees .
great barrier reef starts to recover after severe coral bleaching
postman builds special ramp for an elderly dog to get up and down stairs .
94 year old man builds community pool in his backyard after his wife ' s death so he can never be lonely again
indonesian charity finds new homes overseas for unwanted dogs
scottish power has ditched fossil fuels for electricity generation and switched to 100% wind power , by selling off its last remaining gas power stations to drax for more than 700m .
the discoverer of the connection between h . pylori and ulcers has developed a microphone laden belt that with computer analysis can identify people suffering from irritable bowel syndrome with a high degree of accuracy . ibs can be treated but has been very difficult to diagnose .
dog owners prevent crime in rochester
9 year old blind surfer gets stoked riding first wave at doheny state beach , california
' he was my rock ' : veteran with ptsd reunited with military dog
a bulgarian stray cat named pooh was fitted with two titanium back paws after being hit by a train and is back to motoring around like a champ .
the finnish government is planning a 2 million euro online platform where citizens can apply for funding for small scale experiments and pilots . the available sums would range from 500 to 20 , 000 ( $530 to $21 , 500 ) and aim to champion people to participate in the development of the society .
how a first responder disregarded an order and saved a florida school shooting victim ' s life
an open letter to the whole foods shoppers who consoled me when i learned of my dads suicide
captain who rescued 42 migrants: id do it again despite jail threat
karmacycle: stolen bicycle leads to little acts of kindness in brooklyn
video: heartwarming moment elderly wombat rescued after being attacked
another rare fish , the razorback sucker , is pulled back from extinction on colorado river
2 year old boy saved after dad sees dry drowning story
the beautiful bond between wwii refugees and syria ' s displaced children
grocery store helps reunite toddler with lost stuffed rabbit named rabby
syria kurds say deal made for 31 , 000 displaced iraqis to go home
a basic income for everyone ? yes , finland shows it really can work
a shy , bullied 13 year old will take class trip to rome thanks to strangers
anonymous jedi treats 140 at risk calgary youth to private star wars screening
sausage dog helps find abandoned baby 6ft underground in storm drain
adidas is making 11 million shoes out of recycled ocean plastic
canada is making cosmetic testing on animals illegal
this 12 year old girl built a robot that can find microplastics in the ocean
denmark reduces food waste by 25% in five years
a whole country has fallen in love with this amazing love story: faithful stork flies 5 , 000 miles every year to be with his disabled love
rwanda has successfully provided universal eye care to all of its 12 million citizens , through a partnership between the government and the organization vision for a nation . in developing countries with poor access to eye care , failing vision after age 45 can destroy the income of a family .
son aims to earn a million dollars to give his chronically ill mother a better life . you can help by spreading the word .
at least two suspected poachers have been mauled to death and eaten by lions on a south african game reserve
polish olympian auctions off his medal to help a child with cancer
former shelter dog helps save 3 year old girl left naked and alone
new grasses neutralize toxic pollution from bombs , explosives , and munitions
father and daughter connect after finding one another on genealogy site
wisconsin humane society adding two other animal welfare agencies increasing animal coverage , avoiding pay cuts , providing benefits for employees and hiring new animal friendos
india has developed the world ' s first vaccine for zika , the deadly virus terrifying the world
the people of flint , mi are coming together and speaking out . the flint fwd movement shows the strength and resilience of the city of flint and answers the question " what is flint ?
a woman took a picture of three irish men in times square . it took twitter only an hour to track the lads down .
daraprim drug ' s key ingredient recreated by high school students in sydney for just $20
chicago blackhawks star patrick kane gives his 1st class airline seat to soldier
lotto winners can expect a phone call from the man with one of the happiest jobs in the country
montreal ' s homicide rate falls to record low: 23 so far in 2016 .
storage locker helping homeless find jobs , housing
train passenger helps rescue 26 girls from the child traffickers . . . with just one tweet
new canadians learn to cycle the city in vancouver bike host program
watch: 2 chainz donates new home to atlanta family of 11 story
largest desalination plant in western hemisphere opens in thirsty california
' stateless ' thai cave boys and coach granted citizenship
veteran walking 90 miles to raise funds for homeless , ptsd awareness
suburban woman has ' miracle baby ' ( 9 embryos later , after overcoming breast cancer , &amp; family tragedy )
a mom woke up from coma after seven year to meet her daughter for the first time
barber cuts man ' s hair on sidewalk after he couldn ' t get wheelchair inside shop
the big bang theory ending . . .
young california mayor sees value in paying poor to rise up , pilot program funded by private donations
scientists find small bird ' thought to be extinct ' for first time in 74 years in myanmar
18 year old oswego marine gives " christmas to remember " to families in need
this foster dad has devoted himself to giving the best life to terminally ill children
sandra bullock donates $100 , 000 to help save animals from woolsey , hill fires
magic of friendship: kids raise money for bozeman boy who lost right hand
homeless piano man gets recording contract after video of him playing the instrument on the streets goes viral . he ' s been invited to play the national anthem at a televised nfl game , and now asking for a duet with jimmy fallon
how cincinnati salvaged the nations most dangerous neighborhood leaning on the power of local corporations , officials engineered a renaissance in the citys heart
a wild wolf has been found in the northern belgian region of flanders for the first time in more than a century: " our country was the only one in continental europe to have not been visited by a wolf , " since the animal began recolonising the continent , landschap said .
tesla ceo elon musk fundraises for washoe public schools celebrities hosted each community giveaway , contributing a total of $14 million to fund 12 , 000 school projects , including books , art supplies , science equipment and more .
p . e . i . woman crochets plastic mats to help the homeless stay dry prince edward island
human eggs with potential to become fertilised embryos have been grown in laboratory for first time in breakthrough that could unlock future fertility treatments . in landmark development , scientists have been able to replicate process where egg cells mature in ovaries outside of body .
pope francis treats homeless people in rome to beach trip and pizza in effort to " restore to them a little dignity
oil slicked man stuck in california grease duct rescued
' spider man ' of paris climbs four storeys to rescue dangling boy
japan: dog retirement homes care for elderly canines
fnal 2 pittsburgh marathon finishers: the strangers found strength in each other when they realized they would be the last to finish .
detroit aretha franklin , the queen of soul , says help is on the way for flint residents . franklin is looking to provide nightly rooms for 25 50 people at the holiday inn in southfield with food and beverage provided by the nearby coney island .
iowa rescue dog odd couple ' always cuddling '
four teens rush into a burning home , saving the life of a 90 year old neighbor
earth getting greener due to rising carbon dioxide levels , global snapshot shows
couple donates $1 million to cancer center project
a love like theirs: pakistani woman travels to nepal to marry baglung man
orange county , ca community rallies behind doughnut shop owner [donut city , old town seal beach]
12 year old girl donates 25% of funds donated towards her heart surgery to assist flood victims in india
make a wish grants moon flight for 4yo dwayne franke who lives with epilepsy
in gujarat , woman delivers in ambulance surrounded by 12 lions
the age of vertical farming is officially upon us
the cabal is being taking down !
missing boy brings dinner to officers who helped find him
new solid state silicon device may help us generate electrical power from waste heat , drastically reducing energy consumption
$50 , 000 raised for unlicensed hot dog vendor after cop seizes money from his wallet
donald trump wouldn ' t have to make $18m education cuts if melania lived in white house instead of trump tower
pope francis marries couple on chile flight
newly arrived syrian refugee saves canadian bride ' s wedding day
#iwillprotectyou: us military members , veterans use hashtag to reassure scared 8yo muslim girl
florida teachers step up when fellow educator fighting cancer asks for donated sick days
this indian community welcomes leopards; devotees of shiva , the god of wild things , the people of bera have figured out how to coexist with one of indias most feared predatorsthe leopard
a vast chinese province just went a week without fossil fuels: six million people got all their electricity from solar , wind , and hydro .
garbage men bring gift to kid undergoing chemotherapy
country time lemonade will pay legal fees for unlicensed lemonade stands
incompetent mood thief fails to steal laptop , chased off by customers with stools ( video )
redditor delivers birthday surprise 4 , 000km away
seesaw at us mexican border lets children defy president donald trump proving there are no barriers to friendship
first african american woman to be a brigadier general
delta gives free pizza to stranded passengers
why cash filled envelopes were scattered around a nova scotia town
this doctor spends her days helping the homeless on skid row , los angeles .
115 , 000 raised for children of couple who died within hours of each other of cancer
girl lost for 6 weeks in the new zealand wilderness survives off bugs and plants before being rescued safe and sound .
traffic police officer and a passer by jump into icy moskva river to save a woman . everyone is fine .
woman turns home into a retirement home for abused senior pets .
india set to outlaw six single use plastic products on october 2
more than 800 boko haram hostages rescued by nigerian army
teen armed with broom saves children from dog attack
father gives his 4 year old daughter stock in disney for her birthday to teach her to be self empowered and work hard and she likes the unusual present
new england aquarium released 14 rescued sea turtles back into the ocean today !
amputated hendrix " little wing " jam
sikh community saves town ' s july fourth fireworks display
kindhearted barber went the extra mile to help one of his regular customers who has autism
new york cop surprises woman in australian nursing home
1st first nations woman elected to canada ' s b . c . legislature
a minister was being defrocked because she is gay . she asked other gay clergy to send ministerial stoles to prove they existed . years later , the collection is still growing . it ' s now over 1 , 300 .
a 13 year old child who had his bike violently stolen , ribs broken , and was left by the side of the road has had over 1000 raised by redditors to replace the one he had saved over 8 months to buy .
four skateboarders will receive special recognition after they stepped in when a man was sexually assaulting a drunk woman , scared him off , chased him down , and held him until police arrested him ( x post from r/skateboarding )
x post from r/news 47y old former mechanic completes med school to address black doctor shortage
black rhinos to come back home to rwanda
southampton bookshop enlists human chain to move to new store
the earth is greener than it was two decades ago , and it is because of india and china
fish and chips shop delivers medicine to sick customer
protesters protect muslim immigrants holding prayers at dia
' a lot of hate and bigotry around ' : church terminates sign contract over refusal to post gay positive message
' cat man ' keeps jewett city felines healthy , well fed
endangered black rhino born at dvur kralove zoo , prague
this little guy battling a rare form of lung cancer decided to prove the doctors wrong when they said it was time to switch off his life support by making a full recovery
ordinary citizens help drive spread of solar power in chile
secret santa pays off students ' lunch debts in herminie
two louisiana children who were abducted over a month ago are rescued in arizona after a state trooper thought more was going on when false names were given during a traffic stop
first genetically engineered salmon sold in canada
local grocery store helps with canyon fire evacuees
cfpb has helped return $750 million to student loan borrowers since 2011
us cancer death rate hits milestone: 25 years of decline
homeless teen graduates high school 2 years early with 4 . 0 gpa
designer gives injured butterfly new lease on life
paralysed patients regain use of their hands with pioneering nerve transfer operation
chinese man wakes from 12 year coma after mum nursed him each day
canadian couple spends vacation helping wildfire victims
judge upholds state protections for endangered gray wolves
syrian refugee ' s falafel shop feeds government workers during shutdown .
iceland bans male circumcision for minors
abandoned dog in miami high kill shelter whose photo went viral has new home 24 hours later
the dream of a 6 year old haemophiliac boy came true today , he became the ceo of persepolis football club [one of the highest supported teams in middle east with over 30 million fans]
ny times reports on the pentagons mysterious u . f . o . program
i was dead for 2 minutes: man thanks police and first responders who saved his life after cardiac arrest at new berlin park
new york gov . cuomo to propose ban on single use plastic bags in next state budget
the 99 best things that happened in 2018
muslim group ushers in 2016 by launching campaign against isis
this central long beach woman has fed the hungry for 14 years with proceeds of her pension
teen to give kidney to sick grandfather after searching years for a match
' i finally proved my innocence: ' n . s . man who spent nearly 17 years in prison for murder is freed
muslims save christians ' lives by shielding them during an extremist attack on a bus in kenya .
i choo choo chose you man proposes on morning peak train
the street doctors helping melbourne ' s homeless from a kitted out minivan
dogs walk for a cause and bark for life
' she ' s pretty like me ' toddler brilliantly shuts down cashier who questioned black doll choice
woman who spent 3 years in federal prison earns doctorate
new york and virginia become the first two states to enact laws requiring mental health education in schools
daivergent connects people on the autism spectrum with jobs in data management
everton plan mental health facility near goodison park
there are more trees in the us right now than there were at any point in the past 100 years .
a species of fish is returning to the lower lakes and coorong , after being decimated by drought . the department for environment and water ' s adrienne rumbelow said the number of black bream in the area had been in severe decline since the late 1980s .
today i learned carrie fisher ' s dog , gary , has found the perfect home !
egg boy donates $100 , 000 to help new zealand mosque attack survivors
dozens hit out at punish a muslim day by forming human chain around mosque
blind man runs new york half marathon with three guide dogs
stranger pays man ' s $2 , 000 car repair bill , tells him to ' pay it forward someday '
the most breathtaking picture of earth from space
terry crews speaks out in support of brendan fraser: " brendan is amazingly courageous in telling this . his assault experience is extremely similar to mine ending with the assailant explaining away his actions . one mans ' horseplay ' is another mans humiliation .
atlanta to commemorate renaming united ave from confederate ave
white stork pair could become first to breed in wild in uk for centuries
the guardian view on social media: facts need to be labelled as facts | editorial | opinion
the mad moment three friends got an entire plane to themselves
43 cities score an a grade in new cities climate change ranking . 14 cities aim to be climate or carbon neutral by 2050 . five cities have city wide 100% renewable energy targets
australian prime minister turnbull to give $60 million to save great barrier reef .
morgans inspiration island the world ' s first water park for people with disabilities
teenage girl to keep gold bar found in german lake
social media is good for something !
pakistan ' s imran khan pledges citizenship for 1 . 5m afghan refugees
found both the boy and the dog
pakistans northwestern province , khyber pakhtunkhaw ( kpk ) , has planted an unprecedented 1 billion trees in just more than two years and surpassed an international commitment of restoring 350 , 000 hectares of forests and degraded land .
slovenia allows same sex marriage
justice served: mom who killed bed wetting son handed 40 year sentence
mcdonald ' s wants to cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 36%
a dog discovered some 220km ( 135 miles ) off the coast of thailand has been rescued by a team of oil rig workers after the exhausted pooch was spotted paddling near a drilling platform .
the boy was screaming with 7 hours left to fly . then she held out her hand .
this 78 year old has picked up his gcse result after going back to school to help his grandchildren learn maths
ex prisoner trains freed felons to become gym instructors
during power outage in 90+ deg heat , social media helps stray rescue with donations of water , ice , flashlights , generators and temporary fosters which resulted in 20 adoptions .
buddhist to donate his $890k poker win
california ' s lake oroville water level rises 17 feet in 10 days
police dog fired for being too friendly , gets new job as greeter
southwest fills plane with pets , flies abandoned animals from hurricane ravaged puerto rico
italy bans unvaccinated children from school
daughter uses facebook to find father after 40 years apart
nobody shows up for autistic boys birthday party police save the day !
i acted my way out of prison: michael balogun went from dealing heroin to performing at the national theatre .
iraqi soldier disarms 7 year old boy after isis strap him with suicide belt
braums manager performs cpr and saves life of an employee
thankful refugees invited whole town to christmas dinner ( translation in comments )
radio ham rescues epileptic girl on remote exmoor campsite
un ambassador haley resigning , latest trump departure
giant wolf rescued from kill shelter
new compound which kills antibiotic resistant superbugs discovered
analysis: uks co2 emissions fell for record sixth consecutive year in 2018
romania approves financial support for holocaust survivors
70 year old elephant who spent her life in chains as tourist attractions is finally free
chp officer saves potential bay bridge jumper
michelle obama dances with 2 year old fan who went viral for admiring portrait
thousands to benefit as ' breakthrough ' breast cancer drugs approved for nhs use: annually , 8 , 000 women in england with previously untreatable advanced breast cancer will have access to drugs shown to slow diseases progression .
india will add 225 gw renewable energy project capacity by 2022: power and energy minister
oakland councilwoman has plans for man who was hassled for ' bbqing while black '
man takes towing into his own hands
woman raises 10 , 000 for homeless man who looked after her after she missed her last train home
couple reunited at airport after 55 years apart
a buglers calling: sounding one final salute
after their highschool was destroyed in hurricane harvey , rockport fulton head football coach keeps the team ' s season alive .
canadian kids choir sings arabic song of hope
uplifting news
ohio teen zaps cop with stun gun to fulfill bucket list wish
rock legend , steven tyler , provides ' best ever ' surprise for young ontario fan
tulsa program pays people with developmental challenges above minimum wage to clean veterans ' headstones
roofer moved by desperate plea , gives cancer patient a new roof
10 charts that show the world is getting better , despite loud claims of doom and gloom
police officers and firefighters became substitute teachers for a day at this arkansas school so teachers could attend funeral
a father cosplays to trigger his brain damaged and paralyzed son .
iceland makes it illegal to pay women less than men
chile to close eight coal fired power stations
nyc mayor announces plan to assist 12 , 000 veteran students at risk of eviction
a nearly brain dead woman survives after being taken off life support
tragic and uplifting at the same time: superhero themed funeral held for townville shooting victim
a man with 2 , 000 " daughters
bees are bouncing back from colony collapse disorder
daca recipient starts tortilla factory in iowa city
elon musk thinks universal income is answer to automation taking human jobs
a rare white calf is spotted during right whale baby boom
free public refrigerators for sharing spare food a german ' street fridge ' program has helped share over 10 , 000 , 000 pounds of free food with the needy to date
billionaire richard branson offers makepeace island as refuge for noosa north shore fire victims
worlds largest solar plant begins in morocco
640 , 000 nyc warrants for old summonses tossed in 1 day
colombia adds 8 million hectares to its protected areas in an effort to stem forest loss
stolen gnome returned to b . c . home with album full of adventures
snow leopards are no longer considered endangered !
a tiny seal pup has been saved from a " long and painful " death after it was spotted abandoned on a river bank .
homeless man hands out resumes , gets hundreds of job offers
chhattisgarh village eradicates open defecation completely in just 3 months
dog rescued after five days trapped on mountainside following hundreds of pounds being raised
wales announces plan to ban wild animals in circuses .
dutch election: pm rutte sees off anti eu populist wilders challenge
ethiopia will plant 4bn trees to fight deforestation
the simple antiseptic that could save a million newborns
windsor man goes the extra mile for his sick canine pal
tecumseh student inspires community with wrestling victory despite cerebral palsy
new zealand ' s new citizen wellness budget !
til , in 2008 , the country of rwanda banned plastic bags and , in early 2019 , banned all single use plastics .
minumum wage going up to $10 an hour on li
homeless man applying for mcdonald ' s job lands position with cop ' s help [tallahassee , fl this is a followup to the earlier viral photo]
nearly $150k raised for black church defaced with pro trump slogan
washington post article board game nights are having a moment . here ' s how to join in .
after baby stops breathing , ' hey siri ' comes to rescue
three legged dog from ohio that went missing in northern michigan reunited with family
previous world cup croatia made to the semifinals and now the finals , maybe next time they will win it , congratulations to france the champions and croatia , runner up .
neighborhood recreates halloween for little girl who spent holiday in the hospital
cow feeds puppies after their mother died
british government to confirm ban on microbeads water pollutant
this dad was the first to breastfeed his newborn because his wife couldnt
bikers form funeral procession for utah boy who loved motorcycles
alumnae at elite texas school raise $178k for retiring security guard
6 year old janiyah lewis was leaving a store with her mom in norfolk , virginia , and noticed a man crying .
first major drug distribution company , former ceo , criminally charged in opioid crisis .
doggy dropout gets vice regal new job at queensland mansion
young dog rescued after missing 8 days during blizzard
thomas cook has promised to remove 70 million single use plastics from its resorts over the coming year , making it one of the world ' s largest holiday operators to do so .
at 16 , she dropped out to work at hooters . at 33 , she ' s starring in a tv comedy about her life .
young afghan amputee ' s joy at dancing on new leg
in spite of his lack of arms , he became a famous cricket player
world ' s largest shipping company is ditching fossil fuels and challenging their competitors to do the same
march 15th student strikes to set a worldwide precedent for climate change activism jaded by the lack of action in the face of climate chaos , students across the globe are planning on demonstrating against the political and economic self interests of older generations .
blk sabbath guitarist tony iommi wn battle wth nr
meet the new jersey cop who saved 3 lives in 3 shifts a township police officer is being honored by his department for not only saving three lives on three separate shifts last month , but helping capture a suspect on attempted homicide charges following one of those incidents .
a community is collecting valentine ' s cards for 5 year old boy with cancer . let ' s send him some cards !
lego brilliantly confronts dad who works too hard and doesn ' t see 6 year old
nasa approves spacexs historic first crew dragon test flight for march 2
gamers battle in super smash bros tournament to help young adults with autism
dog missing nearly a year in new hampshire woods reunites with owners: ' he is one true survivor '
taylor swift donates $250 , 000 to kesha
jean marc fournier , chaplain of the paris fire brigade , saved the blessed sacrament and the crown of thorns from the burning notre dame cathedral on monday night when he bravely went in with firefighters . during the 2015 paris terrorist attack he helped comforted the dead and the wounded .
teen gets into all 8 ivy league schools
boaty mcboatface makes major climate change discovery on maiden outing
panda rapper desiigner gifts homeless man with wad of cash
gov . phil murphy signs nj $15 minimum wage bill into law
judge upholds new york city ' s mandatory measles vaccination order
nasas lunar orbiter spots moving water molecules on the moon
scientists deciphered the quinoa genome . now they can breed it particularly to grow in more areas , grow better for mass harvesting , and remove a toxin that makes it bitter .
how one berliner battles hate: with conscience and a sharp scraper
india: muslim group holds veg only iftar parties to create hindu muslim unity
fans save scottish squirrels in name of j hope , rapper of korean group bts
canadian company recycles old shipping containers and turns them into backyard mini pubs
nbc chicago calls bills mafia the laughingstock of nfl . bills mafia members responded by donating to a chicago based nonprofit that provides support for children with cancer .
south korea ' s biggest market bans dog slaughtering . " seongnam city will take the initiative to transform south koreas image since the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated , " city mayor says .
wal mart greeter entertains shoppers
first time captured rare black leopard didn ' t appear 100 years ago !
clarksville military couple adopts twins from terminally ill mother
teenagers volunteer as pallbearers at funeral of navy veteran with no family
tri kappa donates stuffed animals to st . vincent kokomo
first peaceful transfer of power in the drc in 60 years
france announces tax on air travel in climate push
fan saves swimmer ' s life
grieving plymouth fan thanks liverpool staff who cared for him and showed generosity as son passes away during the game
my wife is a shero ! her friend and her stopped to help kid with down syndrome who was hitchhiking after being left on the school bus
mysterious message reunites april wine frontman with guitar 46 years later | cbc news
nearly killed in 1998 fire , woman reunites at college graduation with cop who saved her
' everybody feels free here ' : baltimore ' s nightclub for disabled adults fosters love , friendship and inclusion
after 20 years of prison , wrongfully convicted idaho falls man to be released today
road washout victim frees self from wreckage , helps save trapped woman
d day siblings reunited 75 years later
ireland to ban fur farming to spare thousands of animals from ' lives of misery '
tribes push to protect sacred new mexico site from drilling
with the help of reddit , my school was able to receive postcards from every state and around 125 countries and territories !
storm harvey: reporter rescues stranded lorry driver
dakota access pipeline to be re routed
the first somali american lawmaker was elected tonight in minnesota .
refugee boy stays with injured stray dog until help arrives
medical use of cannabis officially legal in poland
books are appearing all over public transport to celebrate literary love
members of the community purchased and re donated a classic car that belonged to a young couple who died in a motorcycle accident , giving the grieving grandparents $100k to raise their orphaned grandchildren .
neighbors clean up yard of slain hales corners woman
all 3 top students at this atlanta high school are homeless and they all just got scholarships
180 , 000 bees were living on top of notre dame when the fire broke out and they survived
the 75 year old fisherman who outlived his fishing buddy is taken on a fishing adventure of a lifetime by young fisherman
anti islam protest in downtown toronto prompts spontaneous counter protest
israel in rare overture to palestinians ' at trump request '
mom discovers deceased son ' s heart was given to family member ( x post from /r/news )
india builds 250 homes in myanmar ' s rakhine for displaced villagers .
ap: grizzly bears removed from the endangered species list .
father hailed a hero after seizing christchurch attacker ' s gun
the most sad dog in the world ignites social networking !
cbs signs pledge to audition actors with disabilities
lost blind dog found alive by hiking neighbor , who refuses $1 , 000 reward , which is given to an animal charity .
lyft is offering a 50% off promotion on rides to the polls for this year ' s midterms , and some are even eligible for a free ride
101 year old man gets ' one last ride ' on a harley
a great use of a vacant historic building in philly , thank god it ' s not more loft apartments : )
over 1 , 500 museums across the u . s . will open their doors for free this saturday
a perfect match: husband donates kidney to his wife for their 23rd anniversary
prom queen bestows her title , crown , and tiara to special needs classmate immediately upon receiving it
rainbow reading gardens reaches 8 , 000 children in eastern indonesia through 37 libraries via farmers and fishermen who act as volunteer librarians
teenage waitress gets college scholarship after picture of her helping pensioner goes viral
a four year old girl from north west london is set to undergo life changing surgery after a 30 , 000 fundraising effort launched by her mother reached its target with days to spare .
an indian techie is on a mission to clean up around 45 lakes .
post surgical deaths in scotland drop by a third , attributed to a checklist
at 96 , dr . henry hemlich uses his own technique to save someone
terminally ill 6 year old boys raises money for serious request . he already raised more than 400 . 000 in 24 hours
a visually impaired student whose cancer stricken guide dog needs urgent treatment will undergo life saving surgery thanks to the the irish guide dogs for the blind ( igdb ) .
unpaid northwest arkansas federal employees supported with free food
more than 100 sex trafficking victims rescued across us amid busts , fbi says
these creatures faced extinction . the endangered species act saved them .
the washington post: what makes people donate a kidney to a stranger ?
move over monkey bars , ' bush play ' is the new way for apartment kids
county in texas to reject marijuana prosecutions officers can ' t legally determine what is weed and what is hemp
new bill could reduce arizona prison sentences
rohingya letters from prison
firefighter hurt in canby park blaze coming home thursday
' quiet hour ' launched in coles supermarkets to help shoppers with autism
man drops to one knee , re proposes to wife after 63 years of marriage
forest friendly business in ethiopia stop 5 . 5 . million tonnes of carbon diozide ( mtc02 ) from being released into the atmosphere . here ' s how:
mom hears deceased daughters heartbeat in build a bear gift .
is lisbon , the next tech capital of the world ?
louisiana student welcomed by utahns after she applied to the wrong slcc
man sends text to marine who stole his truck to save dozens of lives in vegas shooting
dad gets tattoo to match son ' s life saving heart surgery scar: ' he should be proud '
kind gesture , greeting at tim hortons drive thru in ontario helps save a life
terrier leads police to fellow dog trapped in icy embankment .
yay !
man who donated kidney to stranger feeling ' right as rain '
two puppies saved after being trapped on a cliff for days
this year marks the sixth anniversary of the black mamba anti poaching unit , south africas predominantly female team of anti poachers . they protect the countrys lions , pangolin , elephants and rhinos , whose horns are thought to have medicinal properties and are smuggled
new zealand wants to make people happy , not rich new zealands latest budget , unveiled this week , is being touted as the first in a western country to put well being over economic pressures .
in a man ruled kingdom , an iranian woman goes all alone; a female iranian bus driver has hit the road to prove that women dont have to take a back seat to men as far as certain jobs are concerned
teacher fighting cancer gets a surprise from school marching band
provo teen raises money to buy nearly 400 wheelchairs for those in need , passes tradition on to sister
swiss police say dogs should wear shoes in heatwave
rifle , co , domino ' s raises 5k for family of man tragically killed in traffic stop .
100 children , who don ' t have beds of their own , will have a giant sleepover at at&amp;t stadium in arlington , texas tonight . they will take these beds home for themselves .
tennessee makes community college free for all adults
ecuador tribe wins case over land rights
after a digital disaster , grade 10 students put pen to paper and write the mandatory literacy test: and extra time to complete the mandatory test will be given to any student who needs it .
the city of soledad de graciano sanchez , mexico introduces programs to make life better for stray dogs including food and water dispensers and an ambulance that responds to sick stray dogs called the ' ambudog ' .
steven tyler opens home for abused girls
football fans rain down teddy bears to a group of children from a local cancer hospital
50 years after near extinction louisiana ' s brown pelican population exceeds 100k
homeless nigerian boy who beat kids from elite schools to win ny state chess championship is no longer homeless .
homeless man ' s $20 investment in kindness returns $160k
home depot employees make walker for disabled 2 year old
sisters take a leap from homeless shelter to junior track stardom | tai sheppard ( 11 ) , rainn ( 10 ) and brooke ( 8 ) have all blossomed since taking up track and field a year and a half ago , rising to the top tier of age group national rankings .
charles feeney , the founder of a duty free airport shop chain , gave away 99 . 80% of his multi billion dollar fortune to charity
researchers discover seaweed that tastes like bacon and is twice as healthy as kale , good news for a climate positive food
amazon hits $100m in donations to more than 1m charities in 5 years through amazonsmile
cop who saves baby ' s life becomes her godfather
australian lawmaker proposes during same sex marriage debate
canadians can now apply for free , no wait pardons for cannabis possession charges
student with down syndrome gets shot of a lifetime
wisconsin judge saves colleagues life with kidney donation
thousands of dollars raised for heroic homeless men rushed to aid children during manchester bombing
woman helping blind cubs fan hail cab will warm your heart
found this on /r/publicfreakout but i think it belongs here .
a veteran ' s car , and a son ' s keepsake .
it took 80 hours but this tipperary farmer has outdone himself with christmas display
ambulance service to transport and care for dogs
36 year old alabama man with cerebral palsy experiences the beach for the first time in his life .
student with down syndrome achieves dream to be a cheerleader
100 year old dressmaker finishes 1051st dress for african children: a dress a day for children in need .
two men saw a woman struggling to make it to the finish line during a half marathon , they selflessly stopped to help her .
man dressed as gorilla completes london marathon in six days .
bye felicia !
man who found missing minnesota girl gives $7g reward to her
my friend and coworker living her dreams ! go kendyle !
pokemongo transforms autistic teen ' s life
a struggling single mother , who works as a nurse , tweeted that she couldn ' t afford 750 for her kids ' school trips . twitter users donated more than 14 , 000 to help her
derbyshire couple get married 65 years after being forced to split
the unforgettable moment a widow touched the face that once belonged to her husband
canada ' s supreme court rules lgbt rights trump religious freedom
2 year old triplets can ' t get enough of their local garbage men
forbes magazine revises net worth of " self made " " billionaire " " entrepreneur " elizabeth holmes to zero ( she was formerly " worth " $4 . 5 billion , then the wall street journal outed her as a fraud ) .
the biggest protest in u . s . history was entirely peaceful , with no arrests .
syrian women saved from isis by female kurdish fighters set up their own women only battalion
after video of crying dog goes viral , md . shelter receives hundreds of inquiries for juice
california family buries man wrongfully id ' d as son
frankie macdonald gets big honour from youtube
effort to support postsecondary education in prison will be housed at mit
dad who went viral after dancing for sick toddler announces son is cancer free .
dad breaks down in tears while giving his daughter away in marriage . photos
one of the uss largest grocery stores plans to eliminate plastic bag usage by 2025
hope others follow suit
canadian radio television and telecommunications commission declares broadband internet access a basic service
' seinfeld ' cast records birthday wishes for dying fan
mumbai police fulfilled a 7 year old cancer patient ' s wish by making him a police inspector for a day in a programme by mulund police station and an ngo .
u . s . soldier honored posthumously for protecting jewish pows in 1945
mexico stops hotel project at sea turtle nesting beach
make a wish makes little girl ' s dream to meet belle come true
this restaurant has its kitchen run by grandmas
officers , firefighters rescue duckling from sewer grate outside nc high school
firefighter rescues injured red tailed hawk from nyc building
redmond police officer pays for shoplifters ' items
leonardo dicaprios foundation announced its biggest ever portfolio of grants , dedicating $20 million to organizations with innovative solutions to combat climate change .
witness to us ww2 air crash tended to the memorial for 75 years . his dream of a commemorative fly past , for the fallen , came true .
north korea reportedly dismantling key missile launch site
ermahgerd girl ' s mom: " theyre putting all this german writing all over your picture !
latin america is set to become a leader in alternative energy
remember the ice bucket challenge in 2014 ? its funds helped discover the gene linked to als
a community wide search for an elderly blind and deaf dog that went missing from a foster home over thanksgiving ended successfully friday evening , nov . 28 , a rescue worker said .
fleetwood mac helps raise $7 million for charity
seven year old boy with cerebral palsy running triathlon with service dog on saturday
trump administration launches global effort to end criminalization of homosexuality
cigarette butts that grow into plants , a couples journey to make smoking guilt free | karma tips from prasadam industries are 100 percent organic , biodegradable and chemical free , handmade cigarette filter tips that release live seeds into the ground when disposed of .
man discovers he has a 40 year old daughter after taking at home dna test
2019 05 29 13:44 125 pizzas delivered to school in south korea after students return lost wallet
boeing 737 crashes into micronesian lagoon , everybody survives
infrastructure improvements are helping the poor in ethiopia
india ' s supreme court rules gay sex is no longer a crime in historic section 377 judgement .
china stops import of usa agricultural products
muslim and christian groups working together to help homeless at christmas
cattleman reignites love of working dogs following severe accident
pittsburgh zoo workers rescue ostrich from frozen creek
pregnant woman tips pregnant server $900 ahead of the holidays .
this restaurant owner fought yelp ' s extortion tactics by asking for 1 star reviews and it brought him nothing but success
hema quebec sees significant donor increase
nc pastor who found wedding dress in tornado rubble is looking for owner
toronto based hackeryou college of technology is launching an option to allow students to pay $1 upfront for a 9 week , full time web development bootcamp that otherwise cost $12k . once graduates make $50k pre tax for a year or more , they would have to pay back 17% of their income for 2 years .
after fundraiser goes viral , georgetown awards gay valedictorian full scholarship
elizabeth taylor ran dallas buyers club style hiv drugs ring from her home
chinese ivory queen has been sentenced to 15 years in a tanzanian prison
87 year old walking to buy mega millions ticket breaks his hip , then wins hospital lottery pool
dep halts construction of sunoco ' s $2 . 5b mariner east 2 pipeline
this hiker saved the life of an alaskan timber wolf4 years later the wolf still remembered him
gurudwara provides free food for farmers protesting thousands of miles away from home .
3 rescued orphan rhino calves get new home the assam tribune
beagles free to be adopted after thousands sign signature pushing chemical company to stop experimenting
winnie mandela ' s grand daughter writes emotional post to mark end of mourning
technology may save the six billion male baby chicks that the egg industry kills each year
scientists were bracing for a butterfly collapse . now theyre everywhere
apple is 100% powered by renewable energy in 23 countries and 93% worldwide
red cross to aid syrians
israeli device seeks to protect swimmers from drowning in pools
german state of bavaria is giving students with grades in 1 . x free ticket for all trains and boats
cumberland police officer cooks dinner for hungry elderly man
my village didn ' t even have a traffic light . now it has 1 . 4 million people
off duty ny state trooper buries dog for 92 year old .
a 27 year old guy is walking across all seven continents with his dog
how politics should be
two sisters who went missing over one year ago have been found alive
a " balloon ban " was passed in an australian city due to the impact it can have on marine life .
arizona volunteer finds $4g in hollowed out book , then tracks down owner , returns cash
airbnb hosts are offering free rooms to people fleeing hurricane florence
dog gets covered in hot tar , turns into a rock then gets rescued , by these youngsters will melt your heart
sf supervisors propose mental health facility to replace jail plan
how africa reacted on somali pres ' s decision to reject $80m from saudi arabia ( one minister denies offer was made )
quadruplet brothers are all accepted to ivy league schools
the planet now has more trees than it did 35 years ago
more than 4 million raised in 12 hours in annual maltese marathon charity
abuser brought to justice
eric stonestreet donates $5 , 000 to kansas seatbelt program after khp took his offer to pick him up from the airport .
a 6th grade teacher wrote ' invite me to your harvard graduation ! ' 21 years later , the student did just that
six thousand macaws saved by armonia ' s alternative feather program
ask for dylan: waiter drops everything to spend time with elderly customer
india ' s installed renewable energy capacity surpasses 50 gw . india has set a target of 170 gw in renewables by 2022 .
ottawa mosque loses charity status for promoting hate and intolerance
heroic bus driver rescues baby wandering streets alone in the cold
celebrity jewelry line gives homeless new lease on life
britney spears sells painting , donates proceeds to vegas shooting victims
it ' s official chance the rapper has donated the money and had challenged the private business every $100 , 000 in donations he will donate an additional $10 , 000 ! ! !
north and south korea reportedly set to announce an official end to war
pittsburgh airport honors fred rogers with red cardigans and shoelaces
colorado cops form cuddle watch to help officers preemie
pedal on the pier fundraiser raises over $800k to send kids to camp
stanford donates surplus food to community groups
free clinic opens for yemenis impoverished by war
ducklings rescued from storm drain in taunton , massachusetts
somalia ' s 13 year old inventor finds fame
alzheimers disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the united states and affects 28 , 000 hawaii residents , but a scientist at the university of hawaii is reporting a research breakthrough that could lead to a promising treatment .
murtaza ahmad , the five year old boy photographed in a plastic bag jersey to resemble lionel messi , is finally going to meet his idol !
nc postal worker ' saves christmas ' after mail truck catches fire
house republicans , under fire , back down on gutting ethics office
unknown gunmen kill isis commander responsible for recruitment of children
anonymous artist installs benches for los angeles ' s neglected bus stops
parents charged with child abuse after olive garden waitress posts photo on facebook
american airlines customer service manager saves 2 lives in 1 day
florida teen in lockup helps save life of officer cnn
little boy breaks arm , his father gets iron man tattooed on cast to cheer him up
b . c . man throws party as he undergoes medically assisted death
3 legged puppy whose mother tried to eat him is adopted by cats
the first step act is a giant leap forward for criminal justice reform
a minor league baseball team in new jersey will celebrate cats during a special " caturday " game featuring limited edition uniforms . the cat themed jerseys will be auctioned off to benefit blueclaws charities .
11 year old hero defends his home against an armed burglar
chibok girl found nearly 4 years after mass abduction , nigeria confirms
who ' s ready for pres trump ' s porno ? ?
delaware boy who defied mom to stay up and watch netflix saves her from late night fire
#charliescooler is a tribute to a well loved bartender
hawaii state lawmakers on friday approved a ban on so called ' gay conversion therapy ' treatments conducted on minors .
' you ' re hired ' : popeyes applicant foils robbery during interview , gets job
more domestic violence shelters for men opening
the world just got lighter: cartoonishly villainous billionaire koch is dead
12 year old girl runs free library in kerala ' s kochi with over 2 , 500 books . a deep love for books and reading has prompted the girl to set up a library in this kerala city and lay claim possibly to the title of the ' youngest librarian ' in the country .
a girl gave her teacher 75 cents in ice cream money to help with family funeral
starbucks opens a store with employees who know sign language and are partially deaf . customers in dc are delighted
unprecedented alzheimer ' s drug slows disease by 80 per cent
the first person in the world to receive two facial transplants says he is feeling well , three months after his latest groundbreaking operation .
good samaritan rescues man who fell onto nyc subway tracks seconds before a train arrives . " i did what i had to do .
auburn man comes to the rescue after fireworks scare off pets
wonderful gesture at christmas
idaho teen takes terminally ill mom to prom
celtics ' isaih thomas shoots hoops with fan
home for mother ' s day: st . louis activists bail out african american moms who cant afford the fees
the rwandan school turning boys into feminists bbc news
palestinian bus driver finds $10 , 000 and returns it to jewish owner
world bank refused funds for sardar sarovar dam , gujarats temples donated money
disneyland chef to celebrate 60 years at the ' happiest place on earth . '
a white woman called the cops on a black real estate investor . police defended him .
slaughter bound calf escapes on expressway , earning new name and a life of leisure
officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party
new zealand school perform haka for fallen headmaster
spanish football team real sociedad have given a job to a homeless man who had been sleeping outside their stadium
irish teenager wins global science award for removing microplastics from water
senator goes ahead with medical marijuana bill despite his church ' s objection .
mizzou fraternity attempting to beat own world record of $132 , 000 to the american cancer society through " rock a thon " philanthropy event
travel guru rick steves gives away $4 million apartment complex for housing homeless women and children
leather teddy bears made in nova scotia make the best of the east coast awards !
man in viral ' denny ' s angel ' facebook post steps forward , explains why he did it
montrealer finds forgotten lottery ticket worth $1 . 75 million in an old jacket
72 years later , iwo jima veteran receives purple heart
eight years ago he was a homeless alcoholic but this man has just graduated
pine st inn helps homeless reigster to vote
africa is on track to be declared polio free
army veteran rescues an eagle in incredible way
in india , ice towers could turn deadly lake into water bank
grateful sons surprise mom with dream car by saving for 5 years
from one disappointed olympian to another: ' you ' re not just one thing '
7 year old donates over 12 , 000 lbs . of food for local pantry ! !
girl raises more than $2k for veterans with lemonade stand
newly arrived baby shares same birthday with mom , grandmother
bulletproof bmw used to rescue dozens during isis attack
florida man locks baby and keys in car; florida inmates save the day
wrongfully convicted man learns he ' ll be paid for nearly 46 years in prison
paralysed rescue pup finds its feet thanks to loving volunteers who never gave up
this incredible woman adopted a shelter cat , then went back for his 16 year old best friend .
hamilton , ontario police catch developmentally delayed man stealing shovel , buy him one
the world ' s first identical twin puppies born in south africa
texas state troopers surprise 10 year old boy none of his classmates attend his party
80% of india ' s poor , about two thirds of usa polulation , have been lifted out of extreme poverty in the past 6 years ( 218million of 268million )
these 3d maps of coral reefs may help us save them
cow escapes on way to slaughterhouse , smashes through metal fence , breaks arm of man trying to catch her then swims to safety on island in lake: local politician reportedly agrees to let animal live after its ordeal captures public attention .
first sustainable lego pieces to go on sale range including leaves , bushes and trees made entirely from plant based plastic sourced from sugar cane will be available later this year .
hyundai launches first car with a solar roof
everton donate 200k to five year old sunderland fan battling cancer
group of friends pool their money to open a sanctuary for over 70 animals , many of whom were set for slaughter
a tragic but inspiring story about a new jersey youth hockey coach who lost his son , 9 , to cancer but remained with the team as they played in his memory .
bodybuilder whos 3ft 11 tall wont let his size hold him back
mystery person pays hotel bill for 70 homeless people amid big freeze
woman given ' two weeks to live ' says changing her diet helps her battle cancer
dog becomes legendary for daily walks to town
human occupation is usually associated with deteriorated landscapes , but new research shows that 13 , 000 years of repeated occupation by british columbias coastal first nations has had the opposite effect , enhancing temperate rainforest productivity .
joe biden ' s $5t climate plan: net zero emissions by 2050
these 11 hilarious restaurant sign fails
a little girl wrote google a letter asking to give her dad a day off and google responded
from comoros islands , an olympian clears hurdles on and off the track
netherlands makes trains free on national book day for those who show a book instead of ticket
florida bill would ban orca shows and breeding
germans urged to wear a kippah to protest anti semitism .
making the rest of us look lazy , this woman ran most of a marathon while carrying a lost puppy
kitten rescued after being trapped in manhole for three days
this is how arunima sinha became first female amputee to climb mount everest
app uses the soothing sounds of bob ross to lull you to sleep
in the face of adversity: the saga of the parkdale pigeon
billionaire robert f . smith tells morehouse college grads he ' ll pay their student loans
world war ii veteran is reunited with his wartime girlfriend after 72 years
when i was 350lb i came second last in my community ' s 5km race but now i ' ve lost 140lb i ' ve rediscovered my love of fitness
bill to ban declawing cat moves closer to vote
the world ' s first us australia biofuel flight took off on monday , with a qantas boeing 787 dreamliner filled with 24 , 000 kilograms of mustard seed based , blended fuel .
flash mob surprises uninsured idaho mom with $13k to treat her cancer
this young dutch boy is terminally ill , he will probably not make it til next christmas . he has been painting nails all day for a charity event organised by a radio station . he has raised over 135 . 000 euros in a couple of hours . ' i want to help other children so they will live '
new ebola vaccine shows 100% effectiveness in a study of nearly 6 , 000 patients ( p value 0 . 0033 )
california has the most homeless people of any state . but l . a . is still a national model for helping them .
homeless man hands out resumes instead of asking for money and lands a job
' feel good ' factor boosts global forests
lake tahoe just gained 8 . 7 billion gallons of water in 2 days ! | water level back to natural rim
new york man ' s commitment to hand crafting shoes has caught attention of celebrities like 50 cent and the wu tang clan
a new non profit in greendale has popped up with 100 percent of its proceeds going to help local residents . give back wisconsin was established in february to help advance a number of community service projects using different fundraising efforts to support each venture .
man with leg stuck between train and platform causes people to push the train to free his leg
bus driver rescues toddler wandering streets barefoot in the cold
guys adopt stray dog and puppies that crash bachelor party
george clooney ' s foundation planning to open 7 public schools for 3 , 000 syrian refugee children in lebanon
broadcaster bob uecker receives playoff bonus , donates it all to charity
woman employs facebook to ensure lost parrot is safely returned home after spending night out in montreal
beating studios to the punch , j . j . abrams reveals axanar suit will be dropped
minnesota man grants ailing wifes wish to die by throwing her a dayslong death party featuring meth and her favorite heavy metal music
iowa police officer responds to 6 year old with fear of monsters in his room
carlsberg glues beer cans together becoming one of the first breweries to abandon plastic rings
my daughter was killed at girl scout camp: how an okla . mom seeks justice 40 years after slaying
american says in 2007 it ' s his dream to work at nintendo , winds up in credits for breath of the wild
the middle class american family saw the largest income boost on record last year
wheelchair bound find new freedom at skate park
therapy dog to join east pennsboro classrooms
nyc courts toss more than 640k warrants for unpaid summonses
loyal dog that survived california wildfire guarded property for weeks
missing colorado cat rescued from 25 foot hole in texas
syrian refugee launches luxury sneaker brand in france
nyc went a whole weekend without a shooting , for the first time in decades
nb terminally ill teen recreates favourite fairy tale , checks wish off bucket list
woman raises over $280k for homeless veteran who spent last $20 to help her
inky the octopus makes great escape from new zealand aquarium
butterfly boy jonathan pitre overjoyed after success of experimental treatment
sick four year old girl proudly sings that shes an overcomer
even at&amp;t is getting involved with the hurricane situation . verizon , where you at ?
over 3 , 000 bakers are now in business , after minnesota eased restrictions on selling homemade food
africa code week trains 427 , 000 african students in one week
for the first time in 17 years , there will be no commercial whaling in iceland after the sole company certified to hunt whales failed to renew its license . hvalur hf , which exports most of its product to japan , cited a shrinking appetite for whale meat as the reason for foregoing the hunt .
a construction worker found the winning ticket for a 76m ( $96m ) lottery jackpot in his van after his partner urged him to check a stockpile of old tickets
it ' s the worcester free store , where almost everything is free
adopted boy mows lawns to buy gravestone for biological father he never met
kincora boys ' home survivor finds family after answering advert
titanic ii to set sail in 2018
this guy rules ! !
remote canadian community reconnects its youth with the land and solves suicide problem at the same time
yulin festival: animal rights activists rescue 1 , 000 dogs and cats ahead of controversial annual meat market
two women matched on tinder and then found out they also match for a kidney donation
beagle ' adopts ' baby possum after losing litter of puppies
man drops 326 pounds after needing two plane seats in evacuation from fort mcmurray fire
asking strangers to help tie a tie .
boy uses allowance to buy books for local jail: ' i ' ve never seen a kid with a heart like his '
2019 is 1st year ever that all 6 major movie studios are releasing at least one film directed by a woman
seattle man builds ' active labor ' notification app for april the giraffe
montreals ban on plastic shopping bags comes into effect: city officials say lost or abandoned bags cause a visual nuisance and their use causes harm to the environment .
shoppers leave cash , ious at unlocked grocery store
gordon family donates $1 million to el paso children ' s hospital
volunteer workers hand out cell phones to children in migrant camp in calais , france , with a number for them to text in a crisis . a month later , afghan boy uses one to send a text message that saves 15 migrants trapped in a container truck .
mcdonald ' s is finally getting rid of styrofoam
stranger pays for veteran ' s eyeglasses
' no shave november ' family pays tribute to dad with cancer fundraiser
austin man pays off outstanding traffic tickets for disabled woman
churches wipe out millions in medical debt for others
a group of people show love by make signs and singing to man standing on the edge of roof in standoff with cops
hank the therapy dog visits children ' s hospital , wears gopro to show what canine care looks like
jewish teens don ' t regret helping save man with swastika tattoo
a wedding in the hospital
the retreat of global democracy stopped in 2018
kerry foods donates 300 worth of toiletries to burton ' s queen ' s hospital
pornhub ' s $25k scholarship contest is back
brewery helps to create beer for special olympics , all profits from the beer will go directly to the maine special olympics .
daycare closes without notice , a parent sets up a gofundme for the teachers
dave chappelle to host free benefit show in dayton ' s oregon district
world heritage committee removes belize barrier reef from list of sites in danger
13yr old girl collects 1000s of socks for homeless
new vaccine and drug trials could buoy fight against hiv
the hardest working mom on the planet
boy sends card to grandad in heaven , and gets reply
childhood cancer survivor returns to hospital as nurse more than 20 years later
dog sniffs out invasive ants to protect fragile ecosystem
inside the painstaking recovery process of a medal of honor marine
teacher spots elementary student biking to get help for diabetic dad
this penguin swims 5 , 000 miles every year for a reunion with the man who saved his life
mequon nature preserve gets invasive species sniffing dog
all 46 crew rescued after fishing vessel sinks off alaskan coast: coast guard
denmark ' s players paid for a private jet so defender jonas knudsen could fly home and see his new born daughter after the world cup win over peru .
atlanta 11 year old crushes ap calculus exam
internet helps autistic girl replace beloved shirt150 times
90 year old finally joins music fraternity , 69 years after she was accepted
10 year old fan who got to play guitar on stage with foo fighters uses his moment in the spotlight to raise money for his chronically sick friend ' s medical bills
huge solar facility to give power ( when fully completed in 2018 19 ) to 1m african people
at 17 , she gave up her son . four decades later he called
paralyzed dog has miracle recovery from water therapy
dentist gives free treatment to women caught in domestic violence | ctv toronto news
video of police officer singing o holy night goes viral
sad papaw who broke hearts last week is having a cookout for everyone
hotel not only returns lost toy , it makes photo album of bunnys vip stay
baby bunny with ' paralyzed ' hind legs zips around on mini skateboard wheelchair
5 year old saves his 3 year old brother from choking to death
south africans come together to buy electricity for single mom
taking the school to the forest: a public school plan to use the forest as a classroom
chance chat leads glasgow man to claim 1m lotto prize
woman saves boy on tracks from approaching train
trudeau imposes carbon tax , with rebates , on four provinces
florida boy calls emergency number to invite police to thanksgiving
man advertised for a kidney at disneyland . it worked
construction workers save what they thought was a puppy
this used to be my home , italy in shock after amatrice earthquake
injured baby raccoon found in arkansas gets custom made wheelchair
why it matters the new character on sesame street who has autism is a girl
saudi arabia to reopen cinemas after 35 year ban
this 9 year old boy with autism is heading to gymnastics nationals for the third year in a row
pizza delivery driver credited with thwarting kidnapping in wisconsin
the man who cycled from india to europe for love
colombias serrania de chiribiquete is now the worlds largest tropical rainforest national park
boca raton woman reunited with lost dog after 8 years
96 year old author publishes book despite failing eyesight
youtube shuts down music companies use of manual copyright claims to steal creator revenue techcrunch
formerly homeless , these men strut on the catwalk to raise money for winnipeg shelter .
new zealand ' s pm makes history by bringing her baby to un general assembly
dutchman maarten van der weijden who beat cancer to win olympic gold completes 121 mile charity swim raising 3 , 9m
plastic bottles can now be recycled in exchange for train fare on the rome metro
australia moves to save 200 species by 2020 through population control measures .
indiana elementary school pilots program that packages unused food into take home meals
our efforts to heal the ozone layer are finally parting off
scientists have developed a novel nano vaccine for melanoma , the most aggressive type of skin cancer . their innovative approach has so far proven effective in preventing the development of melanoma in mouse models and in treating primary tumors and metastases that result from melanoma .
father takes six plane trips in three days to be with flight attendant daughter over christmas
a christmas miracle: missing idaho mother of four heather pauline jensen was found safe and unharmed on christmas morning
australian couple john ( 89 ) and arthur ( 85 ) to wed after half century together
ants in fiji are cultivating their own coffee crops
nebraska huskers line up without a punter to remember sam foltz who died over the summer . fresno state declines penalty .
pulses of water bring life to the famished colorado river
a tiny fraction of oceans could satisfy the world ' s fish demand
im honestly fed up with all the bad news so i illustrated the best news of 2018 ( and recent years )
black leopard sighted
the methodist church doesnt allow same sex weddings but rev . val rosenquist and retired bishop melvin talbert performed one anyway because they were taught to treat all the same saying that discrimination is wrong .
hundreds of pets rescued and reunited with owners as historic floods wreak havoc
10 year old gymnast with prosthetic leg makes it look easy ( video )
portugal generated 100% of its energy from renewable sources in march
man with rare antibodies has saved 2 million babies lives through blood donations " .
popeyes interviewee helps stop robber , gets the job
google is helping this school build a ' waze ' for the blind
india ' s rhino population has grown up more than 35 times within last 100 years .
mother chooses to have baby instead of cancer treatment
daisies upon daisies from across the u . s . sent to cancer fighting girl named daisy
china to install 40 gigawatts of new solar by the end of 2018 despite cutbacks
florida state wr makes a young autistic boy ' s day
an honor guard member ' s shoelaces became untied during a parade . then this 10 year old boy leaped into action
stone carvers across france helped to break rocks placed on a street of paris to prevent migrants from sleeping there
stranded dog rescued 135 miles from thai coast by oil workers
texas teachers to receive overdue raises with $2b in additional funding along with $4 . 5b increase in classroom spending
foster siblings won ' t grow up apart family adopts all six
how this country has solved homelessness
number of smokers in england falls to record low
harrison ford rescues woman from car crash
veteran asks friend to watch his house while hes overseas . this is what he came back to . .
college student ' owes ' st . jude more than $200 , 000 thanks to her well intentioned tweet
9 year old ' guardian of the galaxy ' eyes job at nasa
' google brain ' implants could end school as anyone can learn anything instantly
karina gould making history as canadas first cabinet minister to take maternity leave: gould is expecting her first child in early march and will go on leave until at least may . she will work from home and stay on as minister until the baby is born .
anonymous bitcoin philanthropist donates us$5 million to medicine foundation
lake tahoes water gets clearer after 2017 all time low
labatt produces 200 , 000 cans of water instead of beer to assist firefighters and evacuees in alberta
the worlds largest bee has been rediscovered after 38 years
a study has revealed it ' s general exchanges of words and signs of affection following sex that directly cause increased long term happiness and more life satisfaction in couples who have sex at least once a week .
newlywed nurse saves a life right after her marriage by performing cpr
florida teacher donates kidney to students mother
teen scientist wins usd 250 , 000 with late blight prediction model
when kids lose hair , wigs transform them into princesses
donors unite nationwide to pay off kids ' school lunch debt
this is an article about 18 year old climate activist and hip hop artist xiuhtezcatl martinez . he ' s been fighting for the planet since he was 15 years old , he was the youngest member of obama ' s climate counsel and he also makes actually good hip hop . this gives me hope .
how one woman helped light rural india with solar lamps
missing scottish climber found by drone in himalayas
the wilderness library: at 73 , p . v . chinnathambi runs one of the loneliest libraries in the forested wilderness of keralas idukki district . its 160 books all classics are regularly borrowed , read , and returned by poor , muthavan adivasis
from stanford to harvard , this teen applied to 20 colleges and got full rides to all of them
jackpot ! nasa just released 56 patented technologies into the public domain
the gift of family: long lost sisters reunite on christmas day as babies both were put up for adoption by their biological parents
with smiles on their faces , airasias baggage handlers are hugging and kissing bags and luggage after a viral video showed some hurling luggage from a conveyor belt
nevada employers can no longer deny jobs to applicants who fail a pre employment marijuana screening test cnn
unlikely bone marrow match that led to a close connection bbc news
south carolina teacher creates " gentleman ' s club " to teach students life lessons , like how to dress for success . the club has been so successful the school district officials say they want other local schools to start the gentleman program
great grandfather , 83 , fights off armed robbers at bookies in ireland
san francisco ' s homeless are getting six figure jobs in a neighborhood that ' s been overrun by tech companies
muslims raised over $160 , 000 to help jewish people because . . . well . . . we ' re in this together ( tucked in the end of the story )
tokyo unveils 2020 olympic medals , made from more than 6 million recycled cellphones
colorado artist who lost use of his hands is now painting with his mouth
' wish my dad happy birthday ' billboard draws thousands of calls
sanitation worker in oklahoma gives toy recycling truck to boy who regularly greets him outside
linkin park &amp; friends celebrate life in honor of chester bennington linkin park
this little boy getting ketchup for christmas is pure holiday joy
growing up surrounded by books could have powerful , lasting effect on the mind
46 dogs rescued from korean meat farm arrive in nyc
this girls basketball team lost 102 2 , has no wins , yet keeps taking the court with enthusiasm
by age 11 , shed figured out the nba job of her dreams . the odds against it ? insane .
a kinder , gentler wave of reality tv tries a little tenderness , for a change
new jersey gives out free baby boxes
italy avalanche: 10 found alive in rigopiano hotel after 2 days ( 4 children &amp; a mother rescued friday father escaped getting cigarettes from car for wife before avalanche )
restaurant owner who says anthony bourdain changed their lives donates profits to suicide hotline
tracey and jon stewart expand their farm animal sanctuary to include education center
anonymous donation gives 2 high school seniors $50k scholarships
life saving drug for opioid overdoses to be offered for free in quebec pharmacies
the magician saving children from the streets @cnni
grumpy toddler ' s heart melts when she sees her baby sister
kayak tour guide rescues beached benguela dolphin
young soldier talks about muslims .
new jersey mayor helps save life before crews put out house fire
boy meets dog with same skin condition
proud of toronto today welcoming syrian refugees just as we expect canadians to do !
rescued pig plays with bouncy ball like a happy puppy
girl with rare disease invents teddy bears that hide iv bags
mit ' s thermal resonator generates electricity from the air ' s daily temperature cycle
man prevents isis suicide bomber from killing more civilians by hugging him .
mom of 12 helps needy families in need get soap , detergent , toothpaste and dignity
my soon to be 106yr old uncle and his life tips .
san jose businessman ' s unwitting act of kindness helps change life of young artist with disabilities
nj man with stage four lung cancer continues to climb mountains
remember that deaf guy who saved and pet the deer ? here is the news story with a video of him actually saving it
bride gets a surprise when late fathers best friend walks her down the aisle: he said we got this
social media helped a chihuahua find his favorite toy again
pet rescue centre helps dogs , drug addicts and disabled overcome adversity
eu agrees total ban on bee harming pesticides
conserving the congo basin: cuvette centrale
miracle milestone: premature triplets start first day of school
a small group in missouri called " dog ' s nation " turns rescue dogs into service dogs for disabled veterans and autistic children .
islamabad police arrests the killer of careem captain
good samaritans offer help to handicapped woman whose wheelchairs were stolen
student who was blinded by her ex husband graduates from ubc
a human connection: when a u . s . olympic luger was struggling , a russian rival offered his sled
kenya: study says share of poor kenyans to drop drastically by 2030
woman who ' s bike was stolen discovers an ad for it online the next day . she then poses as an interested buyer and steals it back .
1 airport victim to be released from hospital
world war ii veteran , 96 , receives college degree more than 60 years after his last class
mother bear rushes to aid of cubs caught in waterfall
after one chance incident , man makes a career of removing hate symbols from his city
rodney robinson , who teaches civics to students in juvenile detention , wins 2019 national teacher of the year
underground line to heat up london homes during winter
fsu player visits elementary school , has lunch with boy with autism
community helps man arrested after leaving kids home alone to go to work .
click , and upvote this to sign rpan comeback petition
company develops shipping pallet that can be transformed into sports equipment for refugees
my dad ' s rare form of lymphoma will likely be cured by stem cells from his identical twin
passerby emirati woman saves man who was set on fire from a car crash; now to be honored by police and indian embassy
high school football player with cerebral palsy scores heartwarming touchdown
tcu donates leftover food after football home games to the union gospel mission homeless shelter . the donations are coordinated by the tcu food recovery network , a student organization that works to eliminate food waste on campus , and sodexo , the universitys food service company .
puppy who flunks out of police training in australia for being too friendly finds regal new position at governor ' s official home
virginia school district buys food truck to provide students with free meals during summer
morgan freeman converted his 124 acre ranch into a giant honeybee sanctuary to save the bees
chicago cat sheds 5 lbs of matted fur and finds forever home
church group offers chili , hope on bleak paterson , nj street corner .
audi to drop $16 billion on electrification , autonomy by 2023
india busts taboos with new sex ed manual it ' s okay for a boy to have feelings for another boy . in fact , it ' s natural , says india ' s health ministry .
france moving to allow ivf for single women and lesbian couples
stranger drives 2 , 300 miles to reunite boy recovering from surgery with his dog
second grader wins $30 , 000 college scholarship for dino google doodle
9 year old boy pays off entire school lunch debt for his class after saving allowance and selling art for used dirt bike
orchestras newest musician earns a rare seat right next to its oldest the woman who taught her to play .
anglican church in leamington , ontario opens doors to muslim worshippers
ready to sign that lease agreement ?
internet strangers help first time father keep late wifes memory alive
this woman ' s life is better than ever now that she ' s stopped shaving her beard
nelson centenarian reunites with brother after 35 years: ' i didn ' t know he was alive '
bruce springsteen invites teenager on stage who steals the show
the new research on hiv/aids
man shares his 85 year old granny ' s polite google search
chlamydia vaccine shown to be safe in first ever human trial
woman who saved girl in pool honored
guardian switches to potato starch wrapping
i managed to get my friend ' s favourite band to record a video for their wedding present and it ' s amazing ( x post )
sesame street welcomes julia , a muppet with autism
doctors gave less than 1% of waking up
mormon church donates $10 million to help house salt lake city ' s homeless , needy
new business group , business for nature , builds economic case for biodiversity
squirrel with cup stuck on its head saved by brave team of six paramedics
black mamas bailout seeks to bring black women home for mothers day
detroit lawyer camps out like she ' s homeless , hopes for donations
the widow of a nyc fire chief who died in the sept . 11 , 2001 attacks donated $500 to each student in this closing high school ' s final graduating class
the us is a very giving nation; americans give more than $1b to charity every day
subway doodles bring new life to new york
colombian reserve secures more habitat for rare tanager
man acknowledged for spending 12 years voluntarily cleaning streets
moroccan taxi drivers volunteer to drive sick kids home from hospital during rush hour
uw engineering phd student who died last year will get rare posthumous degree
' i can ' t see any borders here ' : israelis and palestinians unite for backgammon
one of a kind maine program helps veterans work through hardships
tech firm intercom offers to pay legal fees of muslim tech workers considering dublin as career destination
rocket was scheduled to die . now the ex sacramento shelter dog is aiding first responders in houston
snoop dogg gives out 3000 turkeys to families this thanksgiving .
this grandma mistakenly texted a stranger inviting him for thanksgiving . now the teen is a regular at her table .
police warn p . e . i . drivers to stop being so nice
boy with autism joins school basketball team , makes shot he ' ll never forget
heartbroken girl who wrote to santa begging for her lost dog is reunited with blind pet
images of 50 endangered species on irans sports clothing
video: student asks boy with down syndrome ( actually cdls ) to prom by leaving a trail of notes . his mom posted today " i asked if he knew what prom was , he said no , but he ' ll go with her anywhere
kerala floods: sunny leone donates 1 , 200 kilos of food , wishes she could ' do more '
syrian dad selling pens in viral photo now runs three businesses
video captures moment ' hero ' teenager saves baby falling from apartment in turkey
israeli scientists successfully regenerate damaged hearts
storks are back in britain and theyre a beacon of hope for all of us | isabella tree | opinion
billionaire ceo makes $480 , 000 donation to flint community schools for new water filtration systems
how estonians , the busy bees , pollinated the whole world
boy shares foul ball with another young fan at detroit tigers game
deputy risks his life to recue 8 year old that fell through ice
pilot who hitched a ride in cockpit saved doomed lion air boeing 737 max day before it crashed
pet valu and u . s . war dogs team up to help military dogs return home from overseas
kidnapped girl espcapes
st . jude , ne yo celebrates $100 million raised by k mart
this 9 year old girl passes out care packages to homeless women in los angeles
west linn man gives stranded 20 year old woman a home during snowstorm
professionalism shown
eastern quolls return to australian mainland after more than 50 years
homeless man wins $500k on lottery ticket
french cement giant lafarge charged with complicity in crimes against humanity and financing terrorist organization for paying millions to jihadist groups to keep factory in syria open during war . . . first time company anywhere in world charged with complicity in crimes against humanity .
adopted woman finds birthmother after 15 yrs
hong kong citizens gave support and showed respect to protesters .
imran khan : the world can ' t ignore kashmir . we are all in danger now .
california prep basketball player with down syndrome scores first basket
taiwan ' s top court rules in favour of same sex marriage
french president emmanuel macron has pledged to shut all of his countrys coal fired power plants by 2021 . we ' ve also decided to make france a model in the fight against climate change , mr macron said at the world economic forum in davos , switzerland .
this adorable baby gorilla was born after a rare c section x posted from r/environment
asheville officers respond to complaint , join water slide party
an inspiring comeback story of a popular donut pop up owner who had been a victim of armed robbery and was shot in the face
spring training starts today !
indian company reliance jio launches free phone in india !
tennis star bouchard honours super bowl blind date bet
nascar teams come together at request of parents and attend young fans funeral
dumplin the pet pig hailed as a hero for scaring off burglars at an indiana home
couple bought bitcoin in 2013 , and just donated all their gains to a cancer hospital
fly past planned to mark 75th anniversary crashed bomber in sheffield park after campaign
theres a giant unicorn island floating off the shore of the philippines
the horse that saved his own life by painting
britain ' s tiniest puppy stands as tall as a tin of beans
a 10 year old amputee found doing hard training , inspires the world
chinese couple have fed their adopted daughter with cerebral palsy mouth to mouth for the past 15 years
renewable energy generates more energy than coal for the first time in us history
every year ireland covers its fields in pink bales of hay to help a great cause
man pawns bike to buy hungry stranger food .
germany , ellerstadt: a cord was attached to a turtle finally saved by police .
hero army dogs saved from death row after minister intervenes: sir alan duncan , who is a dog lover , was outraged by the fact that three dogs , who saved thousands of lives while serving with the army , were due to be put down because a suitable home could not be found for them .
libyan good samaritans pull an injured american out of a burning building .
alipay , the payment platform owned by chinese e commerce giant alibaba , has promised to invest 1 billion yuan ( us$145 million ) in womens football over the next decade .
eilat coral reef defies expectations and regenerates after fish farming damage
tyrannosaurus rex were sensitive lovers , new dinosaur discovery suggests
in a first , women judges head all major high courts in india
firefighters rescue horse stuck in soft sand in santa cruz
man set to undergo world ' s first head transplant backs out after finding love and becoming a dad
lorry driver saves the day during labour
flight attendant picks up ukulele , sings during takeoff delay
ripple labs , inc . , donates 29 million dollars worth of xrp crypto currency to fund 35 , 000 budget hardship requests made by teachers/schools/students
escaping phnom penh ' s dump to build his own home ( cambodia )
' it is actually free ' : montreal man gives away heaps of farm fresh veggies every week
many are replacing disability checks with paychecks
first cub photo gives hope for critically endangered balkan lynx
reddit users give twenty somethings advice on growing up
the fukuoka municipal government on monday began officially recognizing the partnerships of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender couples , adding to nationwide efforts to eliminate discrimination against sexual minorities .
elderly man healed by unexpected bond with young girl
choose a book and read to your barber , hell take a little money off the top
anheuser busch will provide water to victims of hurricane harvey
safd: ' hero ' officer catches 3 young children who jumped from burning second story apartment
the power of a second chance: denver tattoo studio raising funds to remove gang tattoos
79 year old shovels city sidewalk in front of dozens of homes so he and his wheelchair bound wife can go for walks
toronto mosque welcomes lgbt community for ramadan feast
high tech heart surgery helps dogs live a longer life
' this is the stuff you read about ' incredible moment twins separated at birth are reunited on live tv
new wonder drug hailed as biggest breakthrough in fight against heart attacks and cancer
homeless drummer is reunited with his former band mate , guitar legend carlos santana
solar and wind power is booming . coal is still shrinking !
eight year old girl battling brain cancer reunited with missing puppy ( with video )
teenaged syrian refugee ' saved the day ' after rescuing toddler from hamilton rooftop | cbc news
' time to take a stand ' : thousands across uk protest at trump policy
family run iowa newspaper wins pulitzer
tiger woods praised nikes colin kaepernick ad as sales surge
family hails their dog a hero for staying by missing toddler ' s side after she disappeared in the woods for two days
national school walkout: us students mark columbine anniversary
these are all the good things that happened for animals in 2017
12 year old campbell remess the teddy maker raises $26k for cancer
young singer/songwriter hears her song on radio for the first time
nyc hospital agrees to help dying infant charlie gard
kenyan teacher who gives 80% of his salary to help poorest students wins $1m prize
homeless man offers his jacket and quilt to a couple who missed their train . they take him home with them , feed him and help him get a job
south korea once recycled 2% of its food waste . now it recycles 95%
manchester airport to fast track families with autistic children
thr wins $20k on gm hw , will bu every student t hr hl nw h to help get them thrugh th wntr
life in antigonish is like a box of chocolates for syrian family toronto star
policewoman overwhelmed by thousands of donations after appealing for christmas presents for two young foster children
celebrity chef guy fieri goes to redding california to feed carr fire victims , firefighters
one little girl wants to help spread kindness to counter all the negativity around us kindness crusader hopes to combat negativity with art wall
best friends build their own tiny town to grow old together
marriott , the world ' s largest hotel chain , is eliminating travel sized toiletries
google is donating $11 . 5 million to racial justice causes
police forgo citation , instead mow lawn for cancer patient
football fans ' babestation surprise at bristol rovers match
flight aborted to help couple reach dying grandson ' s hospital bedside
dying father gets last wish to see his kids after they fled sudan 10 years ago
comic legend stan lee to raise money for irma victims
teen wins 20 top us college scholarships
t . i . honored by georgia senate for positive impact on community
city of las vegas reaches clean energy goal
dog rescued from animal shelter senses hidden danger , saves owner from fire 10news . com kgtv abc10 san diego
google gets go ahead to restore cell phone service in puerto rico with its balloons
nonverbal boy with autism falls in love with snow white
australia ' s solar power boom could almost double capacity in a year , analysts say
whitefish anti jew march brings counter protest attention
humane society in indianapolis runs out of pets on black friday
supply of smiles and fist bumps is unlimited for visitors to ducks team store [anaheim ducks , california]
when the animal shelter lost power during the " bomb cyclone , " this mayor let the animals stay in town hall overnight
incarcerated women help recover rare northwest butterfly species . news
' i feel blessed every day having my heidi after losing her twin sister '
a kansas man who returned a $1 million lottery ticket to a customer who left it on a store counter says he has no regrets about giving up the prize money . " good deeds come back to help you , and bad deeds come back to haunt you .
lost ring of 60 years found and returned !
limited edition beer helps raise money for ' limited edition ' families in wny
chinese businessmen donate 2 . 1 million nzd to christchurch mosque shooting victims
high school graduate gets unforgettable gift in time for college
99 year old wwii veteran receives medals 72 years after war
venezuela seizes four million toys to hand out to poor children at christmas
paralyzed woman hikes the appalachian trail using computer generated leg supports
the moment police find kala brown chained in a container
rich sf residents get a shock: someone bought their street
she once was living in her 1992 buick century and bathing her 3 year old son in the bathroom sink at mcdonald ' s . now she ' s graduating from college .
lebanese court of appeals rules homosexuality is not a crime
in ted talk , pope urges people to make real connections
wrong text leads to unexpected thanksgiving dinner
emporia dog ' s back home after 81 mile trip in stolen truck
a 1st grader revives basic supplies for christmas , many donate to help the rest of the students .
the great green wall of africa is changing lives
7 year old with brittle bone disease asks for christmas cards
black college student jewell jones makes history , elected at 21 to michigan ' s house of representatives
set phasers to help : geeky giving solicits well known science fiction authors to pen original , neuroscience inspired works . the collections are then offered for donations as little as $5 to benefit a different science based charity each year thereafter .
uplifting to see a giant corporation realize the error of their ways .
denver may become the first us city to decriminalize psychedelic mushrooms
colorado unveils roadmap to 100% carbon free by 2040 , makes 11 clean energy bills law
the houston rockets to give free game 5 tickets to santa fe high school seniors
700 male &amp; female semi naked santas run through boston for charity
the case for eating cheese is stronger than ever
pup dives in for special needs kids
lessons on aging well , from a 105 year old cyclist
dog alerts owners about fire near yakima home
hundreds of pounds of trash collected in tampa bay area on earth day 2019
' i have no fear ' : florida woman perseveres after losing baby , arms and legs during pregnancy
teen offers to carry groceries for food until do gooder helps raise more than $90 , 000 for his family
atomic energy keeps the lights on during hurricane harvey
russian cat adopts orphaned baby hedgehogs
stations in mysuru railway division to tap solar energy the plan is to install solar panels along the length of the platform roof
13 year old saves baseball coach with cpr training he got while in boy scouts .
pit bull waits more than a year for owner to come home
in the copa america quarterfinal against ecuador , us soccer captain michael bradley wore a rainbow armband in remembrance of the orlando shootings
video captures moment baby koala rescued from dead mothers pouch
video: firefighter catches child dropped from ladder in dramatic rescue
motorcylist who broke his back , lost his right leg and trashed his right arm becomes a bodybuilder
mlb pitcher donates missouri mansion to children ' s charity
pink seesaws reach across the divide at us mexico border
adidas has committed to using only recycled plastic in its products by 2024
india unveils the world ' s largest solar power plant
in face of the surge of migrants coming from the usa to canada , a group has been formed from residents near the border to help those migrants . ( french )
japan ' s once extinct stork population reaches 100
officer calms girl who is afraid of police during traffic stop
watch bill murray serenade a grandmother on her birthday
brevard zoo releases rehabbed green sea turtles at melbourne beach
bikers bring 30 , 000 meals to feed migrants at facility in new mexico
mexico is spared major damage from hurricane newton
nashville airport travelers stop to sing national anthem for children of fallen service members , viral video shows
a nap a day could lower your blood pressure and , in turn , reduce your risk of cardiovascular problems like heart attack
plain packaging helps reduce smoking in northeast england
muskoka cottage comes with 30 day ' zombie free ' guarantee: the last thing anybody wants is to buy a family cottage and find out its infected , says cottage owner matthew swan .
the only city in california to solve veteran homelessness is on a mission to go bigger
a chinese company is offering free training for us coal miners to become wind farmers
boy survives 100ft tumble in niagara falls photo op mishap
jserra student scores perfect on act only months after paralyzing injury
dad turns sons drawings into awesome anime characters
in big test of wind farm durability , texas facility quickly restarts after harvey
somerville police officer buys doll for girl after hearing her family couldnt afford it
churchgoers tip pizza guy $700 just because
womans dying wish is to attend her first iowa caucus: i dont think ill get to see who becomes our next president , but i will still do whatever i can do until i cant do it anymore .
cancer patients raise a smile and a boost in confidence with artist ' s ' empowering ' henna crowns
teacher has students leave emotional baggage at her door in powerful classroom activity
troops hold surprise parade for teen who beat stage 4 cancer
new approach for hard to treat brca breast cancer shrinks tumours twice as fast
private attorneys pledge to take on some cases from overworked st . louis public defenders
a news reporter and close friend of mine received some truly hateful threats in light of recent events . decided to use art to send her the opposite message . hope you enjoy !
new york approves statewide plastic bag ban
man gives shelter dogs free makeovers to boost chances for adoption
no more orca breeding !
son of nazi governor returns art stolen from poland during second world war
margaret maggie schubert , a recent graduate from kennett high school , earned her gold award recently by building a 1 , 400 square foot playground for the family promise of southern chester county resource center .
google launches symptom search function to make internet medical advice more accurate as people continue to use google to avoid going to the doctor
this neighborhood turned a sad , dying weed into an incredible christmas tree
a group of volunteer designated drivers , operation red nose , won $1 million in the lotto a week before christmas .
muslim majority pakistan set to declare holi , diwali and easter as public holidays
california ' s latest weapon against climate change is low tech farm soil
mercy iowa city ' s old hospital linens become new garments , blankets for people in need , thanks to volunteers
world bank approves $400m aid to restore liberated iraqi cities
obese man loses half his weight after excessive bullying
homeless man in manchester lends boots to diner after restaurant refuses entry to man wearing sandals .
musical ' kinky boots ' has broken new ground in the socially conservative china , with shows in theatres across cities .
indian temple helps nurture ' extinct ' turtle back to life
indian prime minister: " i want to tell the people of pakistan , india is ready to fight you . if you have the strength , come forward to fight against poverty . let ' s see who wins . let ' s see who is able to defeat poverty and illiteracy first , pakistan or india . " ( xpost: r/worldnews )
oncologist raises $100k for kids by selling rocks
bono joins investors backing tech firm everfi that tackles alcohol abuse and addiction
cop drives 770 miles to reunite dog with accident victims family
ms paint is here to stay
ashton kutcher rescues 6 , 000 sex trafficking victims , arrests over 2 , 000 traffickers
howard stern and wife beth ' s home is full of cats: ' whoever needs us is welcome '
polish woman gives birth at tram stop , tram driver helps and ties umbilical with umbrella strap
african countries band together to protect the amazon of africa , with the mayombe transboundary forest initiative spanning the drc , angola , congo and gabon
reddit helps connecticut man raise $26 , 000 to care for stray cats in city
boettcher foundation donates $650 , 000 to nonprofits businessden
how a dropout factory increased its graduation rate from 53 to 75 percent in 3 years
snoop dogg invites presidential debate celebrity ken bone to come to the crib and smoke 1 wit tha dogg
rollercoaster leaves 24 people trapped 100ft in the air for hours
loyal blue heeler stays with three year old lost in bush overnight
ludacris has been randomly buying groceries for strangers for years , according to new york times investigation
china ' s plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners
high school students create club so no one eats alone at lunch time
n . j . sixth grader sees girl scout cookie sales soar with her brutally honest reviews
this man ' s passion for helping homeless dogs in sf will inspire you
a 747 carried 2 beluga whales from china to iceland
rangers goalie henrik lundqvist gives stick to boy recovering from bus cras
lost volcano world teeming with life discovered thousands of meters below remote seas
corona beer founder makes everyone in his village a millionaire after leaving money in will
israeli breakthrough in noninvasive prostate cancer test
four men arrested for vandalising a unesco world heritage site in india have been made to fix a 16th century pillar that they had pulled down
in first for arab world , openly gay candidate runs for tunisias presidency
for the record: after 10 years , one of cubas first female djs returns home
britain ' s oldest man celebrates his 109th birthday " as with everything in my life , it has just kind of happened to me , it ' s not been my choice and i have had to make the best of it
syrian refugee father who used to sell pens on the streets of beirut now owns 3 businesses after raising over 120 , 000 in a crowdfunding campaign
mexico documents big rebound in monarch butterflies
the eastern summer: a wave of pro democracy protests and elections sweeps the east of europe
heavy snowfall in the usa . unique frames
international naval fleet to bypass new zealand anniversary celebrations in the north island and help out with much needed earthquake response in the south island
woman tracks down stranger who saved son
sarah thomas to become first woman to officiate nfl playoff game
washington bans anyone under 21 from buying assault rifles
norway recycles 97% of their plastic bottles
all 17 miners stuck in ny salt mine rescued from an elevator 900 feet underground at a central new york salt mine
mexican father walks his kids across the border to school every day
somali authorities say troops rescue 32 children from ' terrorist school '
good samaritan pays for elderly lady ' s groceries after card declines
i have started an eyepatch business after losing my eye to cancer
deputy pushes stranded woman ' s wheelchair one mile to her home
these detailed sculptures have been created by a blind artist who works entirely using her sense of touch
' hedgehog officer ' is the most delightful job title in all the land
amsterdam mosque union calls for prayers for ' beloved ' terminally ill mayor
have the day off ? try doing nothing
seven earth sized terrestrial planets have been discovered orbiting an ultra cool dwarf star . theyre the most promising target yet in the search for life outside our solar system .
customers buy out shops doughnuts each day so owner can rush home to sick wife .
meet the arlington teenager who is helping turn formerly homeless people into patrons of art
7 , 000 railways stations in india to go solar
guy raises almost 100 , 000 diapers for kids in local shelters in 3 weeks , only 25k short before deadline tomorrow . . .
firefighters throw baby shower for woman who lost apartment in fire
the people of flint , mi are coming together and speaking out . the flint fwd movement shows the strength and resilience of the city of flint and answers the question " what is flint ?
rapper meets 80yr old ' words with friends ' player after 300+ games together .
heroic young boys save neighbor ' s house from burning
' comfort dogs ' employed at new york city schools to provide emotional support
refugees bring dying italy village back to life
homeless high school student becomes valedictorian , gets 50 college scholarships worth more than $3 million
canada will push g7 partners to sign no plastics pledge to save the oceans
luckily , most of the amazonian rain forest fires are concentrated in areas where the rain forest was already cleared !
how 2 new yorkers erased $1 . 5 million in medical debt for hundreds of strangers
robert downey jr . sends a special message to an iowa boy with brain cancer . " life is challenging . you are just the man for the job .
after heartbreaking separation , man and pit bull have joyous reunion
89 year old man pushing paleta cart to feed his orphaned grandkids gets to retire again after getting $380k from strangers
there is a beijing park that senior citizens visit , hoping to find love .
food truck feeds drivers on 105 freeway amid gridlock traffic after fiery crash
city waiving minor traffic citations to encourage toy donations
fcc chairman ajit pai is under investigation over $3 . 9 billion media deal
f . s . u . football star sitting with boy eating alone at school charms internet
cia agent confesses on deathbed: &amp;#8216;we blew up wtc7 on 9/11&amp;#8217;
kids get a $2 discount if they read a book aloud to this barber in michigan
global investment in coal tumbles by 75% in three years , as lenders lose appetite for fossil fuel more coal power stations around the world came offline last year than were approved for perhaps first time since industrial revolution , report says
talladega college band donations top $500 , 000 after o ' reilly appearance
dramatic bodycam video shows dog ' s rescue from burning building
dog escapes alligator ' s jaws thanks to owner ' s dad
florida judge rules tampa cancer patient can grow his own marijuana
local combat veterans charity to expand free mental health services
watch: strangers buy car for texas man who walked 3 miles to work
a groom jumped into a pond during his wedding photo shoot to save a boy from drowning
seventeen year old artist floats a practical solution to the refugee crisis
if you or someone you know has special needs , myself and a young man with cerebral palsy spent 2 years creating this free resource , in our attempt to make this world more accessible for all .
two unborn babies ' spines repaired in womb
politician makes pro wrestling debut
computer lets fully paralyzed patients speak for first time , found them to be fully engaged and happy to be alive !
toddler gets 8 donated organs in marathon transplant surgery
professional people donate their time to run a low cost high quality global university which costs next to nothing
friends say synagogue shooting victim rescued kids from gunfire
zara and h&amp;m back in store recycling to tackle throwaway culture
british 22 year old jumped around in excitement after finding way to stop global cyber attack
90 year old everton fan invited to sit in the dugout with the manager for last weeks premier league game against crystal palace
ana carrasco becomes first woman to win solo championship motorcycle race
the yogscast ' s christmas livestreams have raised over a million dollars for charity
california group raises thousands to send west virginia educators on strike free pizza
man leaves wall street job to start ride service for chemo patients
after performing random acts of kindness for a year , this mans cancer spontaneously healed
dog rescued and reunited with owner after being missing for 24 days
u . s . to cut student loans for the first time in 3 years
let it go: princess style actual german princess gets into frozen movie garb , loses crown , for kiwi kids ( x post from /r/frozen )
hes formerly homeless . now he makes soaps and donates to charity . and hes 13 .
' they ' re basically invisible ' : local teen donates time to help homeless
after almost 13 years of being wrongly convicted and imprisoned for murder , a miami man is freed after an investigation made by twenty college journalism students .
this single mom painted on facial hair , put on her best " dad outfit " and took her little boy to his school ' s " dads and doughnuts " event so he wouldn ' t miss out .
toronto cop asks party to quiet down , comes back to rock out on the drums
man donates kidney to sick gf after finding out he ' s a " perfect match " then proposes .
threatened african rainforest teeming with unique life declared a national park
americans gave $390 billion to charity last year
ifunny user arrested for threats to kill people
teen swimmer finishes first , gives medal to ' real ' winner
waooow ! 6 foot tall cow buy now you would be familiar with knickers , a 6 foot tall cow that lives in australia ' s southwest .
13 homeless veterans get a first look at their new homes as tiny home community opens in kc
fort mcmurray puppy rescued from burning home reunited with family calgary
scientist finds cure for hpv infection , cervical cancer after 20 years of trying
former rb warrick dunn successfully provided his 139th home to a single mom
what happened when an orthodox jewish congregation went to a gay bar to mourn orlando
cuba constitution approves gay marriage , drops term ' communism '
saudi arabia relaxes archaic guardianship laws for women , women will be able to travel and study without male permission .
parent of the year ! dad builds mini ninja warrior course for daughter
new spinning ball turbine could bring green energy to windy cities
country artists locash spotlight heroic child diagnosed with cancer on stage at festival
eagle radio news gary , the dog who spent 578 days in a surrey kennel , finally has a home
grandmother , 86 , awarded doctorate from university of bristol bbc news
the netherlands to expand paternity leave to six weeks
caledon , ontario students donate 8 , 760 pairs of socks to help homeless in toronto
car mechanic graduates from medical school at 47 to help address shortage of black doctors
at 93 , legendary new orleans chef leah chase still enjoys cooking , and she ' s planning the chefs ' charity for children menu .
86 year old man bids to be oldest to cycle across uk
a toddler ' s brain damage has been reversed after near drowning
county jail serves fresher more nutritious food; teaches inmates a viable skill
letters from the children of fallen service members to the parents they lost
australian ' gene detective ' making people rich and reuniting families
new zealand is planning on eliminating its gas emissions by 2050 , starting by planting 100 million trees per year .
a billionaire commencement speaker at a georgia college announced that he will pay off the class of 2019 ' s student loans
trap kitchen la: from gangs and drugs to good food
7 week old baby who was hit in head by softball during dad ' s game is finally able to go home !
celebrate 25 years of doom
execution halted by missouri governor after dna shows he is innocent
clara elya goreel , a 32 year old christian woman from duhoks amedi district , was handed the tough job of running the dawdi idp camp located in zakho four years ago . she has dedicated herself to caring for these displaced people &amp; preventing any discrimination against them .
cycling doctor declares world better than expected
11 year old texas boy invents device to prevent hot car deaths
rice university announces free tuition for middle income undergraduate students
boston marathon bombing survivor to marry firefighter who saved her
global tiger population up by 22 per cent
spinal implant helps paralyzed groom stand , dance on his wedding day .
soldier returns from deployment to surprise sons at elementary school
a 30 million page library is heading to the moon to help preserve human civilization
bullied boy with two colored eyes , cleft lip rescues cat with same rare conditions
becoming a us citizen was this 106 year old ' s dream . she took the oath on election day
pet oxygen masks were donated by invisible fence brand as part of their project breathe program . they are designed to save pets from smoke inhalation .
family of dog with failing kidneys receives miracle organ donation
for the first time in a century , wild tiger populations are beginning to rebound
all five living former presidents launch joint harvey relief effort
late wwii us veteran is 1st soldier honored for saving jews from nazis
taylor swift donates $113 , 000 to tennessee equality project to fight anti lgbtq bills
local dentist provides free care on friday to thank veterans
women to get equal prize money in tour down under cycling event
matthew mcconaughey still at it with the good deeds , offers ut students safe ride home
b . c . minor hockey coach finds kidney donor after appeal from team
policeman feeds 7 year old boy trying to sell his teddy bear to get food
boy mows lawns all summer to pay for a gravestone for a dad he never met
prison inmates are teaching testy dogs civility . there may be no better place for bite prone animals to receive the constant care they need to break out of their own prisons . the men who train the animals learn responsibility , and acquire a skill they can use outside the prison walls .
dog who lost ears in fire gets earless stuffed toy to make him feel better
thousands from around the world help teen celebrate birthday doctors said she would never see
images digitally altered to make models look thinner must carry a warning that they have been touched up under a french law aimed at tackling anorexia that comes into force on sunday .
someone tweeted du asking them to take orphans to the cinema and the response was perfect . [x post /r/dubai]
actor tom hanks to publish short stories
there was a shortage for beanies to the babies at hospital in finland . so finnish people voluntarily knit over 15 , 000 beanies in two months ! [finnish]
mexico ' s president calls for nationwide legalization of same sex marriage
university of washington [uw] researchers are working on an implantable device that could help paralyzed people move their limbs , and just received a new federal grant to help with their quest .
kfc in china tests letting people pay by smiling
seven year old syrian bana alabed has a heartwarming message about her new life
man invites a homeless oakland couple to live in his $4 million piedmont home
a 10 year old girl has been pulled alive from the rubble in pescara del tronto , one of the three towns most severely demolished by the earthquake in central italy . after nightfall wednesday , two women ran up the street yelling " she ' s alive !
new zealand cafe keeps 35 , 000 disposable coffee cups from landfill
your dog can make you feel better , and heres why
national guard couple cancels beach wedding to help irma victims , marries in convention center
research reveals over half of australians follow women ' s sport
more than $100 , 000 has been raised for a mosque in minnesota after it was firebombed in what the mayor called " an act of terrorism .
china ' s twitter like popular microblogging platform , with hundreds of millions of chinese users , reverses gay content ban after lgbt outcry
heroic man saves his wife from the bottom of frozen lake
alice marie johnson models for kim kardashian ' s skims solutionwear . . . the woman she helped to free from jail
nike introduces plus size mannequins .
girl with down syndrome photobombs tv liveshot
denton family makes dogs dying wish come true
10 year old credited with saving mom , newborn brother
neighbors: heroic dog saved owner from fire
mothers kind gesture moves nurse , who was unexpectedly granted custody of her weeks old granddaughter isabella , to tears
canada becomes first g7 country to ban shark fin imports
solar , onshore wind costs set to fall below new fossil fuel energy report
storm chasers unite to give bill paxton an epic tribute
this 105 year old woman had only one birthday wish a fireman with tattoos
sikkim the 100% organic state of india
australian ' egg boy ' donates $70 , 000 to christchurch victims
jon voight bought turkeys for strangers while standing in line at a walmart in kentucky , and the internet has taken notice
26 year old woman with cerebral palsy has published four books , all written with her feet
man resuscitates drown puppy
drug combo eradicated breast cancer tumors in 11 days
chance the rapper donates $1 mil to chicago public schools
101 year old man kaur wins 100m dash in new zealand
the u . k . economy is growing but its energy use is shrinking
uruguay ' s quiet democratic miracle
see amazing moment when boy meets his service dog
thailand soccer team all rescued , all alive
formula 1 driver sends terminally ill 5 year old boy an f1 car to his house
california sports teams tweet support and donate after fatal oakland party fire
a $300 hepatitis c cure is as effective as an $84 , 000 alternative and could benefit upwards of 70 million people worldwide , most of whom cannot afford existing treatments
houston bakers help others , even after being trapped by flood
paris to build memorial for wwi animal heroes .
in a first , indias quarterly solar generation exceeds 10 terawatt hours
mcdonalds worker with down syndrome retiring after 32 years
24 year old bilal quintyne sees a woman stranded for 45 minutes because her wheelchair battery ran out of power and decides to push her all the way home . it was a 30 minute journey .
woman reunited with prosthetic leg after scuba diver happened finds it the next day
students start twitter campaign to get teacher fighting cancer on the ellen degeneres show
irish giants skeleton may finally be buried after being on display for more than 200 years
heartwarming video of a cheering crowd rescuing a lost elephant calf from drowning
toronto faith leaders organize to fight poverty
alabama 6 year old with cancer fulfills dream of becoming a firefighter
sydney stabbing: man with knife stopped by heroes , chairs , milk crate and axe
uk government makes history by passing motion to declare environment and climate change emergency
shivering homeless man finds warmth in strangers ' kindness
bc mountie helps woman with osteoporosis get home with groceries
these american muslim teens are spreading a message of hope
harvard robot will make it easier to learn coding
raiders host prom for teenagers with medical conditions
5 years old love to dress as a superhero and help homeless cats in philadelphia
animal therapy comforts traumatised iraqi children
a stranger helps a grieving mother track down her teenaged son ' s precious guitar
hindu priest beaten blocks from queens temple forgives attacker
new york city marks first homicide and shooting free weekend in 25 years .
one more large public building in india now powered entirely by solar
united ceo gives his first class seat to elderly passenger
2 rare barbary lion cubs born in czech zoo
woman with down syndrome receives college acceptance letter .
india plants 66 million trees in 12 hours as part of record breaking environmental campaign
foundation for blind children holds a beeping easter egg hunt
zoo fulfills the dream of an elderly woman making her a zookeeper for a day !
if you need it , take it: bellefonte garden serves neighbors in need
stolen and abused cat has been returned safely to owner
promising dna vaccine for alzheimers moves closer to human trials
haitian born west point cadet achieves american dream
india investing more money in solar power than coal for first time
nepalese girl born in germany allowed to return after deportation , delighting duisburg
bullied teen finally gets to wear her prom dress after friends throw special party in her honour
japanese train firm goes extra mile for single passenger
microsoft co founder paul allen gives $30m to house homeless , low income families
west des moines releases man wrongfully charged for sex abuse
instead of b day gifts , this boy asks for shoes for people in need
maine becomes 22nd state to join u . s . climate alliance
this small device that turns all speech into text will forever improve note taking
no more triple talaq in india
' sesame street ' introduces karli , a muppet in foster care
american in china who accidentally paid 100 times his us$9 . 60 cab fare gets his money back after cabby tracks him down
egypt has announced the completion of a project to save famed 2 , 000 year old catacombs in the coastal city of alexandria from rising waters
someone brought their ' emotional support duck ' on a flight and we already feel better
wwii fighter pilot flies one last mission
ex liberian refugee eager to serve montana capital that elected him mayor
young man with autism helps rescue toddler who had fallen into pool .
triple talaq bill passed in lok sabha
thanks to $325 , 000 lottery win , couple will replace home lost in hurricane irma
' curvy ' squirrel olivio rescued from munich manhole , then eats a lot bbc news
that ' s amazing . . california state will pay 2 years of community college tuition for first time students
hundreds of students , parents welcome third grader back after cancer fight
firefighter climbs stair machine ( 110 flights ) in full gear to honor 9/11 comrades .
nearly 100 companies move to netherlands ahead of brexit
man postpones retirement to save reefs after he accidentally discovers how to make coral grow 40 times faster
spca dog escapes , treks across town to find woman who fed him treats
pope francis has changed church teaching about the death penalty , saying it can never be sanctioned because it attacks the inherent dignity of all humans .
small arizona town marshal tried to bully 12 year old journalist . she did not back down .
school bus driver builds wheelchair ramp for 10 year old girl on his route
winter olympics: tonga ' s pita taufatofua qualifies for skiing at pyeongchang games in what ' s being pitched as a pacific version of the hit 1993 film cool runnings , tongan pita taufatofua has qualified for the cross country skiing event at the winter olympics .
flight attendant comforts girl during flight .
solar powered pollinators for less than a penny a watt solar power facilities can be upgraded to pollinator friendly sites for less than a 1% , one time , fee at time of construction .
minnesota timberwolves ' center gorgui dieng has sent over 1 . 5 million meals to senegal as well as revamped a hospital with 200 new beds and modern machines
louisville judge who went viral twice in a week speaks with wdrb
teen brothers have spent nearly a decade helping the homeless
ecosia , a search engine that uses their profits to plant trees just had their best month ever , with half a million euros invested into tree planting . that ' s 1 tree every 0 . 8 seconds
' iron man ' flight sets first world record
new york best buy employees chip in to buy a kid a wii u as an early christmas present . the boy had been walking in several times a week for several months just to play the one on display .
china ' s solar power is now cheaper than grid electricity , scientists reveal
inmate saves life of jail guard during attack in 2012
boy dashes first day of school jitters by consoling boy with autism
better than webmd: therapy duck is owner ' s lifeline after terrible accident
74 , 000 year old fossils uncover humans who survived a volcanic winter
400 acres donated to yosemite national park
narcos in knickers: the hero mexican marine who hunts drugs cartel bosses and humiliates them on arrest by dressing them in lacy women ' s lingerie
breakthrough project is successfull in getting lab grown corals to reproduce in the wild
this weekend was the first time films by black directors with mega budgets held the top 2 spots at the box office
america is falling out of love with billionaires , and its about time
toronto police collect 2 , 700 firearms through gun buyback program: police chief mark saunders says that ' s the most ever collected in the city through such a program
canadian snowmobilers rescue moose buried neck deep in snow
polar plungers dive into freezing waters for charity
ringling bros . and barnum &amp; bailey circus bid farewell to its performing elephants on sunday sending all 40 to an elephant conservation in florida where they will continue a breeding program
new lab techniques help eradicate fire ants
sole doctor to 750 , 000 people , who see ' s 500 patients per day wins aurora humanitarian prize
rare kakapo parrots have best breeding season on record
mums who scrum: the guardian angels rugby club brings women back into the game
sixty eight flats in 2bn luxury kensington block to be given to grenfell tower families
after anti muslim attack , brazilians shower victim with love
maternal mortality rates are plummeting in the worlds poorest regions
parenting during war .
crowd goes wild for 96 year old wwii veteran ' s performance of the national anthem
girl who was barred from entering her high school ' s prom because she was wearing a suit invited to another school ' s prom
how nick offerman is using woodworking to help americans in need would works is a non profit charity that helps americans in need get back on their feet through the production of handmade wood goods .
a south african village ' s first generation of skaters the atlantic
blm , counter protesters , and leo unite at rally .
cheers to coronait ' s the first major beer brand to test plastic free 6 pack rings
illinois rolls out plan for medicaid to cover gender reassignment surgery
inky the octopus escapes from a new zealand aquarium: " after busting through an enclosure , the nimble contortionist quietly crossed the floor , slithered through a narrow drain hole about six inches in diameter and jumped into the sea .
the 18 year old who has saved close to $100 , 000 on her own
u . s . solar installation outlook brightens on falling costs: report
little terns and black throated divers are among the seabirds that have been given greater protection after a stretch of coastline in cornwall was awarded special status to safeguard its wildlife . . . home to more than 150 , 000 rare seabirds .
homeless hero awarded free rent after saving children following manchester attack
nobody injured as this herd of cattles run via german highway , b 49 oberfell / brodenbach
patriots fan gives life saving gift to giants supporter
operation stand down a chance for veterans to help veterans
tech giant alibaba group on friday launched a 10 billion yuan ( us$1 . 51 billion ) fund to support chinas ambitious poverty alleviation campaign . jack ma says commitment to poverty relief was inspired by deng xiaoping
odisha doctor walks across hill , wades through river to help woman in labour
patriots receiver ' s $11 per hour job has to wait until after super bowl
i respect this couple so much
india is introducing free health carefor 500 million people
latino jewish forum in sacramento promotes immigrant rights
muslim attacked by knife wielding robber in mosque calms him down and makes him breakfast
fayetteville moves toward 100% renewable energy , saves $6 million in future energy costs
local restaurant chains offering free meals for houston firefighters facing layoffs
the hero cop who saved a suicidal man and then turned to him for help through his own trauma
mamoudou gassama: mali ' spiderman ' becomes french citizen
reliable blood test for alzheimers could speed up dementia research
coaster coffee will be run like any small business , but once earnings hit even with costs , the money will go to charity . it is open now !
himalayan marmot genome offers clues to life at extremely high altitudes
another ' otterly ' adorable rescued creature arrives at audubon aquarium
indian billionaire pledges $7 . 5 billion to charity
apple could pay a reward to the 14 year old bit who found the facetime snooping bug .
he deserved it .
nine young ducks saved by fire brigade from caught in drain in iserlohn , germany .
ten year old italian boy survives 48 hours beneath avalanche rubble
after countless failed humanitarian efforts , a new health alliance is finally rebuilding syria
wil can fly: photographing the ' big dream ' bbc news
first boys ' rescued from thailand cave '
' the drought is over ' : mass us copyright expiry brings flood of works into public domain | legislation in 1998 extended copyright by 20 years , so this year marks the first time in two decades that the pool of freely available work has been added to
australia on track to become first country to completely eliminate cervical cancer
toddler ' breathalysed ' by joking police in cheshire
trees are covering more of the land in rich countries
scientist unveils blueprint to save bees and enrich farmers
therapy dog makes big impact on veterans and their families
indias tiger population has grown to nearly 3 , 000 , making the country one of the safest habitats for the endangered animals .
dog fetches help for girls struck by lightning
the very hungry plastic eating caterpillar
baltimore becomes first major city to remove sugary drinks from kids ' menus
durban baby rescued from storm drain a ' miracle ' doctor
saskatchewan ' s telemiracle 41 raised just over $5 million for people with disabilities this year !
community donates to family of ten who lost everything in fire
safyre terry is going to disney ! ! !
this would be great for humanity
incredible images show elephant getting rescued from a 20 foot well in india
pack rb jones lauded for airport act of kindness
muslim groups exceed fundraising goals to assist synagogue shooting victims
elon musk says he will fund water filters for homes in flint , michigan .
phoenix police take control of freeway traffic to rescue runaway dogs
best buy employees in ny buy wiiu for kid who kept visiting
in 2005 , coca cola set out to return all of the water used in its products back to nature and communities by the year 2020 . it met this goal five years early in 2015 .
supermarket management go above and beyond to support employee with alzheimer ' s
a day in the life of alexey an amazing 15 year old drummer and artist
flight brings joy to children of military members killed while on duty
las endangered pumas to be saved by a $60m bridge over highway
ladyboss is on a mission to empower women in singapore ' s workforce
abandoned dog finds home with police dispatcher
sea turtles visiting hotel in oman now have a full time concierge
about time racism got called out for the foul it has committed .
new training teaches springfield officers to police each other
heroic delivery man ' saves driver ' s life ' after car bursts into flames
charles manson dead at 83
extraordinary footage shows manta ray appealing to diver for help
dog rescued from 40ft rabbit hole after being trapped for 33 hours
remarkable gains for farm animals in 2016
uplifting video shows deaf toddler hearing first ever tune
university of memphis won ' t charge tuition to children of fallen soldiers
british primary school sends out a letter to kids softening the blow of failure , but letting them know things will turn out alright .
tabby cat in shelter waiting for someone to show him love , when this women picked him up , he refused to let go
artisanal food shop helps kosovo war rape survivors earn income and heal
edmonton oilers donate leon draisaitls hat trick hats to local homeless organizations
spanish coastguard rescues 208 migrants crossing from africa to spain
8 inspiring , youth mental health activists you need to follow
young boy saved his little sister ' s life when he spotted cancerous tumour while tickling her
football player devon still offers 14 year old cancer patient trip to disney world after she was bullied online
saved by a stranger 4 , 000 miles away: indian boy whose head hung at 180 degree angle has life changing surgery
rose parade queen is lgbtq community member
ireland declares climate emergency
kenyan athlete loses shoe but wins race
philando
more water+wind+solar capacity than coal pv magazine usa
rohingya muslims crisis: guru ka langar begins at bangladesh myanmar border , target 35 , 000 meals per day
woman ' s before and after bedroom pics inspire thousands with depression
sudden urge for a slurpee leads to woman saving mans life
ruth bader ginsburg eager to hit the gym after cancer surgery: ' when can we go back to training ? '
blackrock the $6 trillion investment firm states , " contribute to society , or risk losing our support
after verizon throttling during california fires , emergency workers freed from speed caps
new credit card lets you donate to any/every nonproft making a positive impact with every purchase
u . s . cuban biotech venture created to bring new cancer therapies to usa
google and goodwill ramp up effort to provide job seekers with digital skills
education could help the marine life
us driver stops car to save choking man ignored by other motorists
til that following their successful billion tree tsunami campaign in 2017 to plant 1 billion trees , pakistan launched the 10 billion tree tsunami campaign , vowing to plant 10 billion trees in the next 5 years
muslims awake for ramadan may have saved lives after raising alarm for horrific london tower blaze
virginia beach man proposes to his girlfriend using banner over i 64
hurtling toward disaster , the book catapult bookstore was rescued by its competitors
georgia eases draconian law on cannabis use
hotel dishwasher awarded $21 million after boss made her work on sundays
coinbase ceo brian armstrong signs the giving pledge , commits bulk of fortune to charity
long beach teen recognized by state lawmakers for helping the homeless
with titles , 1 million slum dwellers in india ' s odisha become homeowners
mom who attended every class with her quadriplegic son while he pursued his mba receives honorary mba
comfort dogs report for duty in texas
this bus driver stops every morningto feed a stray hungry dog
a 30 day miracle: baby abandoned in plastic bag in vietnam fights for her life in singapore hospital
mourners wear superhero costumes at funeral for 6 year old fatally shot at school in s . c . national
at 91 , gay air force veteran finally given an honorable discharge
zaatari refugee camp is no longer the desolate , foreboding place it once was . residents have transformed it into a bustling metropolis thanks to their talent , zeal and determination to build a real community
64 year old woman lives in a car on $800 a month
gainesville police officer responds to children playing basketball " too loudly " in the street . arrives on the scene and challenges kids to a pick up game .
how 9 friends saved a woman waiting for a heart transplant
lifetime ban on gay men donating blood lifted in northern ireland
this is what public service looks like cops use own money to rescue innocent baby goat
this 7 year old girl is pitching at the world series with a 3d printed hand
virtual reality brings trick or treating to children in hospice care
pittsburgh bride performs cpr , saves a life at her wedding
kansas teen will get high school , harvard diplomas in same month
wrongfully jailed man wins $3 . 5 million: ' i kept saying , it ' s not me '
long time librarian surprises unh with $4 million gift
anonymous donor gives 3 , 500 pounds of steak to seattle homeless shelter for their christmas dinner
missing cat turns up 20 miles away , 5 1/2 years later
free oliver ! wherein a colorado fire department uses a plastic bag , a metal saw and a nice story to free a skunk from a dumpster .
attorney surprises 26 kindergartners with college tuition
wisconsin community garden donates produce to nonprofit
in another first , bengal gets a transgender lok adalat judge .
ohio girl losing sight set to visit rome , meet pope francis
the ripples of love acts of kindness
more than just a bus driver with metta
nepal set to become first country to double wild tiger population
the american dream photo and backstory
21 savage launches campaign to teach teens about financial literacy
found the winning lottery ticket worth $750k just before it expired
scientists have crystallized proteins in space to manufacture artificial cat blood for use in surgeries on popular pet back down on earth . the animal medical front has struggled with a severe shortage of transfusion blood . artificial blood will contribute to animal health care .
chinas ivory ban having a positive impact on the african elephant
this kippah could save the lives of kids with allergies
china ' set to ban dog meat ' at notorious yulin festival
muslim friends spread christmas cheer to manchester homeless
two dying memoirists wrote bestsellers about their final days . then their spouses fell in love .
whenever it snows , i often think about this jogger woman , so it turns out she is ok !
' you are welcome here ' : atlanta school for refugees plastered with signs
world book day 2017 targets giving away 1m books to children
cam newton connects with young heart patient
okayama buses strike by continuing to run and refusing to take anyones money
dad with complex ptsd is having he ' s collecting passion exhibited in 2017 after being given a museum status
my community just raced against the clock and raised $2 . 2 million is 4 days to save this little girl
notre dame ' s treasures rescued from devastating fire
' school is so much fun ' : running out of children , a korean elementary school enrolls illiterate grandmas
sf store owner replacing 26 bikes stolen from middle school students pe class
fearless centenarian sets third record by riding zip wire on his 106th birthday
youtube shuts down channel with misinformation of hong kong protests .
extra uplifting on pride !
holocaust survivor duo to perform in warsaw
wanganui family ' s quest to spend $0 on grocery bills in 2017: ' give freely , it will come back to you freely '
trucker saves dogs thrown from vehicle on new york highway
mother saves her toddler from sepsis by spotting early signs and rushing him to hospital
feels like this belongs here
space shuttle engineer who carried guilt of explosion 30 years finally finds peace after internet public outpour
' you dont have to see to wrestle ' : legally blind high school wrestler wins state championship
all 13 people rescued from cave
how finland rebranded itself as a literary country: " per capita , the finns borrow 19 books a year , compared to just 7 . 5 in the us . recently the finnish government invested 98 million in a new central library .
firefighters save 14 dogs , puppies from burning detroit home
toucan gets a 3d printed beak after it ' s beaten by a group of teens
chemically modified insulin is available more quickly
watch: florence welch sings with fan in hospice care
new , strict eu laws force facebook to redefine and publicize its privacy principles . a major victory for privacy advocates , the eus general data protection regulation will be the biggest overhaul of personal data privacy rules since the birth of the internet . drastic fines announced .
couple whose dream boat sank on day two raises $11 , 000 to get back on the water
tufts student launches dog therapy program in armenia
the death and life of the great british pub
native hawaiian graduates wearing nothing but cultural pride
students encouraged to commit acts of kindness
homeless and physically disabled student graduates high school and college at 18 years old !
toyota plans to invest $10 bil . in us
brazilian family buys a pig to kill for christmas dinner , they changed their mind and adopted her instead .
biophilia: sensory contact with nature can improve your overall well being &amp; mental health | cognition today
house democrats vote to protect paris climate agreement
most uk bat species recovering or stable
the boston suburb now mandates the addition of protected bike lanes on all streets due for planned upgrades . its a strategy other cities should follow .
irish bachelor party find a piano in an underground station and start entertaining the crowd
farmers save a neighbor ' s harvest when cancer sidelines him
a woman in my hometown is turning gang graffiti into art . [video]
sir elton john and jk rowling listed as most charitable uk celebrities
' it ' s a human rights issue ' : women fight for the right to be braless on the job
the story of the kind stranger who paid for my class ' s school supplies made the local news ! ( for those that cross posted to /r/thathappened )
this man ' s running club think he ' s looks like albert einstein so made his lookalike teddy their mascot
madison , wisconsin commits to 100% clean energy
lapel video shows officer finding missing toddler
who knew ? turns out , maui from ' moana ' lives in maili and works at costco william vaana has been getting a lot of attention since disney ' s " moana " was released .
cook county inmates call new jail recording studio a blessing; officials hope it reduces recidivism
frances once extinct wolf population has surpassed the 500 mark , making it demographically viable in a milestone hailed by conservationists but which farmers warn could see an exponential rise in attacks on their livestock .
cancer breakthrough ? drug combo eradicated breast cancer tumors in 11 days
state trooper and k 9 credited for finding missing man
china , japan , russia , &amp; south korea have just signed a memorandum of understanding that seeks to create an ' asian super grid ' . it will transmit electrical power from various renewable sources to areas all over the world . [x post from /r/worldnews]
local restaurants raise money for detroit dog rescue
foundation turns shelter dogs into first responders
teen battles chronic pain by beading stunning pokemon mural art
as deputy stood in the rain to salute a slain officer ' s funeral procession , a good samaritan made sure she kept dry
' proud of my girl ' : young girl helps blind , deaf man communicate on alaskan flight
michigan business owner gives $4m in bonuses to his 200 employees
boy abducted into slavery at the age of 7 , is found by an elder sister ( in a chance encounter ) , six years on .
helium discovery a ' game changer '
meet ' bike batman ' : seattle ' s vigilante reuniting stolen bikes with their owners
an alzheimers vaccine ? scientists say they created one that has promise
fashion brands are starting to do more to improve animal welfare
hero londoner who saved tube shove victim from tracks: i acted on instinct | london evening standard
20 year old horse washed away in nz floodwaters returns home 13 days later , virtually unscathed .
rosa parks and helen keller will soon have statues on the grounds of the alabama capitol
a teacher ' s heartfelt letter to a student with austism made his mom cry
delta sent a private plane to pick up 41 students after a canceled american airlines flight left them stranded in oklahoma city
32000 belgian students skipped school to strike in brussels for better climate resolutions from their government . they do this every thursday until the government does something . first strike had 3000 students , last week 12500 ( i went to that one ) and today 32000 . incredible !
sibling love: toddler ' s heart melts for baby sister
india banned literally all disposable plastic in major win for planet earth
one injection could kill cancer
this norwegian school figured out a way for everyone in oslo to know your name before you even arrive
cfl to host lgbtq party for first time at this years grey cup in toronto
nearly 200 nations promise to stop ocean plastic waste
people having organ transplants in future may no longer have to take anti rejection medicines , thanks to a new technique involving an infusion of donors cells before the operation . when tested on macaque monkeys , transplanted pancreas cells stayed healthy without being rejected for up to two years .
missing woman found safe after two nights at good samaritan ' s home
brave idaho woman sells her business and eats on a budget so that her husband can receive the alzheimer ' s care he needs
visits from harley the therapy pig brighten thursdays at luther acres
chance the rapper is starting a new annual awards show for teachers
woman who loses everything in apartment fire finds dog 12 hours later " oh my god , " she said , " i thought i lost you ,
a hearing impaired is surprised that everybody on the road is talking to him in the sign language . he burst into tears when he discovered it was a planned surprise
royal vale student cuts hair for cancer patients , raises $900
anthony murray is set to become australias first indigenous orthopedic surgeon
texas girl wins battle against a near deadly av malformation . community comes together to support her financially .
santa signs with a little girl with speech impairments
tommy hilfiger ' s collection of ' adaptive clothing ' designed for children with special needs becomes a top seller for the fashion brand
[article + video] 7 princesses surprise little girl on her adoption day
japan is opening a hello kitty bullet train between osaka and fukuoka
abortion in thailand: more safe and legal than you may have thought
whales , dolphins &amp; porpoises will no longer be kept at vancouvers aquarium , move that animal advocates say is step toward end of cetaceans in captivity . aquarium announced its ending display of cetaceans following long &amp; controversial battle with animal activists &amp; citys park board over issue .
' not race . not gender . just american ' : three white men leave black waitress a $450 tip
dolly parton pledges another $3 million to wildfire recovery
this fart joke will brighten your day
somali refugee elected victoria city councillor in first election he votes in | cbc news
vancouver teen develops app to help detect alzheimer ' s disease in seniors
meridian man ' s pet squirrel goes nuts on burglar
ecuador earthquake: rescuers pull 72yo survivor from rubble two weeks after disaster
street level activists are leading the fight against fentanyl deaths and its working
antarctica ' s warm underbelly revealed: this is the best map yet produced of the warmth coming up from the rocks underneath the antarctic ice sheet . this " geothermal heat flux " is key data required by scientists in order to model how the white continent is going to react to climate change .
orphaned baby kangaroo tries hopping for the first time and were in love
shelter lends helping paw to animal victims of syria war
a team of scientists from across the globe have shown that the brains of patients with schizophrenia have the capacity to reorganize and fight the illness . this is the first time that imaging data has been used to show that our brains may have the ability to reverse the effects of schizophrenia .
homeless group donates $1000 to children ' s wish foundation
terminally ill man fixes and donates 50+ bikes to low income children so far
' ghost boy ' to sputnik: ' parents were told to take me home to die '
watch 4 year old wrestlers unique strategy: running away from his opponent
costa rica celebrates 113 days of 100% renewable energy ( and counting )
the library tackling denvers homelessness epidemic
after spending 9 months alone in mountains , lost dog is home
mom of waffle house shooting survivor gets wedding dress for waitress who saved son ' s life
severely injured as a child , man fights to express himself through art
construction crew surprises friendly neighbor with packers tickets
skydiving santa gives presents to children affected by italian earthquake
' barbershop girls ' shattering gender stereotypes in rural india
paralysed kitten gets lego wheelchair !
high tech search company claims to have discovered atlantis
police: woman broke into home , petted family dog , washed dishes and left
black men arrested at starbucks settle with philadelphia for $1 each and a city pledge of $200k for young entrepreneurs
this gastonia principal will gift a donated book to each student on their birthday this year
cannabis companies raise funds for girl targeted by ' permit patty '
rescue workers pulled out a one year old girl from the rubble of a building in kenya ' s capital more than 72 hours ( 3 days ) after it collapsed following heavy rain .
lfc fans plan banner tribute to plymouth dad ' s son
toledo symphony conductor organize rally for family with vandalized garage
cuba offers puerto rico aid after devastating hurricane maria
good rescue it was: yoda the tortoise saved from school fire
another cute twitter clash , but this time for a cause
indiana woman turns cancelled wedding into a party for the homeless
dads adopt 6 siblings , ages 7 to 14 , after they spent half a decade in foster care
non profit puts homeless into previously vacant homes; takes 121 people off the streets
brooklyn nets point guard spencer dinwiddie auctions off 82 pairs of game shoes for charity
large portion of snes history found and returned to preservationist
homeless man hands out resumes , gets hundreds of job offers
high school football players rescue dogs from bitter cold
zimbabwe has an all female anti poaching unit called the akashinga , which sparked women empowerment and a wildlife conservation movement in the country
mom adopts cancer stricken friends 6kids after her death .
$125 , 000+ raised as children hospital of wisconsin mailed donors a rock with every $85 donation . nordstrom donated $50 , 000
florida man turns in lost wallet containing $3 , 400
elderly men escape nursing home to go to wacken metal festival
dog rescues a drowning deer and becomes a social media hero
ronaldo donates his 600k champions league bonus to un charity
the switched at birth babies who refused to swap back
aziz ansari tells trump to go f*ck himself
take that , border wall !
children with good dads are smarter says study
israeli lacrosse team buys new cleats for their kenyan opponents
countryside church supports refugees from all faiths/backgrounds to gain their driver ' s license .
how a diversity prom allows lgbtq students to be their authentic selves
safyre has received over 195 , 000 cards and 3 , 000 packages . we did it reddit !
chick fil a opens on a sunday so autistic boy can celebrate birthday
amazon ceo jeff bezos donates $97 . 5 million to nonprofit groups helping homeless
uc merced student buys 100 meal vouchers for classmates , sparks trend
amid chaos at budapest station , volunteers set up a projector showing ' tom and jerry ' for refugee children
55 slaves rescued , including 28 children , in raids on california human trafficking; 474 arrested
a cow in texas has defied the odds and given birth to four baby calves . veterinarians say the chances of four live births from one cow are 1 in 11 . 2 million . the owners say their granddaughter named the calves eeny , meeny , miny , and moo .
homeless man stands on same corner for 3 years , now part of community
over 8 , 000 marijuana convictions in san francisco dismissed with help from a computer algorithm
gagandeep kang becomes first indian woman scientist to receive uk royal society fellow honour
pitbull at shelter refuses to let go of her best friend
customers buy out california donut shop each morning so owner can be with his sick wife
snow leopard now no longer endangered
well this just has to make you happy !
south carolina teacher raises $80 , 000 to buy all 650 students at her school bikes
50 bikers escort bullied boy to first day of middle school
europe has enough space to create millions of wind turbines that could power the entire world until 2050 , according to a new study , which found that there is 4 . 9 million square kilometres of land 46 percent of europes total land that would be suitable for wind turbines .
man rescues cat from london docks
best wildflower bloom in a decade says death valley national park officials
hero bus driver took ' full force ' of crash to save passengers , inquest told
high school yearbook staff surprises blind student with braille yearbook
tourists take british homeless man to sweden for christmas
this taco bell worker inspires her customers with handwritten , uplifting notes " just to put a smile on somebody ' s face .
nurses , doctors surprise 11 year old girl with flash mob for dream trip
lancashire man breaks record of traveling across the uk on a lawnmower , raises more than 9 , 000 for charity
' human swan ' sacha dench finishes 7 , 000km winter migration to help save birds in decline
man looking to trade in car gives it to nursing student instead .
70 year old veteran could barely walk 10 feet until this dog entered his life
video captures police officer saving clucking chicken from fire
a custodian in bartow county , georgia gets his ged at 81 years old , proving that it is never to late to learn !
barack obama says us is ' closer than a lot of folks think ' to ending cancer
tiny poodle reunited with owner after disappearing during burglary 9 years ago
slain nypd officer wenjian liu ' s wife gives birth to baby girl conceived from sperm preserved after his death
cat missing for five years reunited with elated family
' she gonna get shot , ' bystander says , but then watches police wait for woman in crisis to climb off cruiser
reform the lottery
microsoft announces wheelchair avatars for disabled xbox one gamers
the first entirely plant based plastic milk carton is now on shelves
teen drives seven hours round trip to deliver pizza to a dying man
african farm production has increased drastically .
new mexico scraps columbus day for indigenous peoples ' day
fort mcmurray residents receive christmas miracle treatment from westjet
washington state will start implementing one of the best paid family and medical leave programs in america on january 1 with employees eligible to take up to 16 weeks off in 2020 .
just listen . . . . .
penniless care worker , 31 , inherits one of britains finest national trust stately homes
black unemployment rate hits new record low in may
denmark , pension funds launch $650 mln sustainable development investment in energy , agribusiness and infrastructure
rat cafe pop up skittering into san francisco in july
suicide prevention hotline to get three digit phone number
india likely to achieve universal household electrification by january end
jamaica produce big upset at world chess olympiad
new family arrives in lincoln , nebraska
a young monk in laos had pressing life questions for president obama . last week , obama answered them .
' machete ' to the rescue: actor danny trejo helps save baby trapped in overturned car in sylmar | abc7 . com
otter pup finds forever home , flies to new home on a private jet while dining on shrimp
santa fulfills dying boys wish to see him .
manchester united fans rejoice at no longer being the most hated united on reddit
secret santa strikes again , this time for $40 , 000 at a pennsylvania walmart . 200 families will get a nice christmas .
life as a private: a study of the motivations and experiences of junior enlisted personnel in the u . s . army
sacramento mosque opens doors to oroville dam evacuees
patient ' s sign at rainbow babies &amp; children ' s hospital draws support from thousands ( photos )
police officer saves family from burning apartment .
ben &amp; jerrys co founder unveils bernies yearning ice cream flavor
georgia mother and daughter graduate college together
88 year old indiana man makes blankets for police to give to children
new robot helps babies with cerebral palsy learn to crawl
boy , 3 , fell six stories . onlookers used a blanket to save him
9 year old girl raises thousands for the homeless selling her delicious cupcakes
94 year old veteran has spent a decade cheering on students with life advice and fist bumps
woman loses $5 , 000 wedding ring . police track down the man who picked it up off the parking lot
morgan freeman converts his mississippi ranch into a honey bee sanctuary
heartwarming: dc bald eagle pair shelters eggs from storm
norwegian war hero to get care at halifax veterans ' hospital ( nova scotia ) after months of struggle
a lao fathers search helps crack a human trafficking ring in thailand [x post r/thailandnews]
homeless man donates $10 000 to the shelter house after winning a law suit
patagonia donating 100% of its black friday sales to envrionmental groups
husband with alzheimer ' s forgot he was married to his wife of 38 years . he proposed , and they married again .
new footage shows the moment a hero with a gun saved a police officer who was being attacked
my son applied for a pro coaching job , the club actually bothered to reply
woodpigeons and crows can no longer be freely killed in england
' i could not wait until next week to send you , once more , my fondest love ' beautiful lost love letters discovered
navy finds missing dog that fell off fishing boat in pacific ocean 5 weeks ago
trump supporting bikers save anti trump bruce springsteen from roadside breakdown
quoting ' the lorax , ' court pulls permit for pipeline crossing appalachian trail
mom and baby spared traumatic birth after heart surgery performed inside the womb
fall in number of new cases of hiv sparks surprise in south africa
korea , u . s . and japan cooperate to save elderly lady with rare blood type
e book sales plummet as physical book sales soar to 3 billion
real life superhero spreads a message of hope to sick children
white supremacist engulfed in flames after pouring petrol on synagogue
how $25 , 000 worth of ballet gear came to be on its way to a small , unrecognized republic
hope springs for man who tossed cash in trash
meet anjali lama the first transgender model to walk at india ' s premier fashion event
gwinnett inmates pen letter , express condolences for gwinnett police officer antwan toneys death
medical advances could soon spare patients surgery , say experts | science
india has witnessed miracle of mother giving birth to baby girl weighing just 400 gm or less than a chocolate bar . born on june 15 , 2017 , manushi measured just 8 . 6 inches long and her foot was size of her father ' s thumb . . . after spending six months in hospital , baby has finally gone home .
levi rizk will run more than 3 , 000 miles to raise funds for two mobile clinics ,
poverty rate in america at lowest level since 2008
clive the cat , missing for a year , found fat and happy in pet food warehouse
the focus is on science , technology , and letting ordinary people share a smorgasbord of potential ways out of our impending climate doom , from agriculture that heals the land and enhances the soil to technologies that pull carbon directly out of the air , allowing us to turn back the climate clock .
new super resolution imaging gives insight on alzheimer ' s disease
indiana university bans new student athletes who have history of sexual violence
two canadian women in a completely platonic relationship make legal history as " co mothers " of a profoundly disabled boy
long beach disabled triathlete defies odds , breaks records
community rallies around anchorage woman who kept a patient safe through the earthquake as a fire raged at home
south korean doctors travel africa , giving sight to the blind
after losing a bet on football with chris pratt , chris evans , dressed as captain america , visited children in a seattle hospital; chris pratt went with him .
pope francis shares 80th birthday breakfast with homeless
pickpocket . . . hero: thief saves sleepwalker from metro tracks after robbing him
mosque and club open their doors for the homeless
lizzie velasquez: story of ' brave heart ' dubbed as world ' s ugliest woman
john mccains vietnamese jailer pays tribute to stubborn prisoner
bloomberg promises $15 million to help make up for u . s . withdrawal from climate deal
sea turtle flaps flippers in 1st rehab swim after surgery
baby born on flight to india gets free plane tickets for life
students at otago university orientation week will be able to test their drugs , in a new move aimed at reducing drug harm .
helping people is my hobby , that ' s what makes me feel good , " he told afp on what has become a typical weekend activity , packing supplies into a van in a wintry supermarket carpark miles from home .
angel gowns help one virginia beach family remember a life never lived
artist buys painting for $20 at car boot sale , turns out to be a margaret olley
argentinian police officer who breastfed a malnourished baby in the hospital promoted by their minister of security
desperate disabled man in australia receives job offers
us liver donor marries woman whose life he saved bbc news
the world ' s largest ocean cleanup has officially begun
bill gates is giving 2018 college grads his favorite new book for free
bbc news: sympathy for overworked taiwan man who ploughed into ferraris
one legged farmworker receives prosthetic leg after 20 years , outpouring of support from community following news report
pilot flies 750 miles to rescue dog 24 hours from death
humanity lives on !
the rise of the repairers is subversive . . . but excellent news
girl gives her meal to homeless man and receives extraordinary call days later
cyntoia brown is released from tennessee womens prison after being granted clemency
photographer who had $40 , 000 in equipment stolen at the rio olympics spots , identifies and has theif caught
boise family builds a free neighborhood food pantry for those in need
well soon know the exact air pollution from every power plant in the world . thats huge . satellite data plus artificial intelligence equals no place to hide .
on mwf , the recently formed homeless work program team takes to the streets to pick up trash , clean up messes left overnight by others &amp; tend to the alleyways and dumpster areas . organized by the group themselves through a organic , grassroots campaign to beautify the city in which they reside .
new bollywood movie ' mission mangal ' tells the true story of the team of women who launched india ' s first mission to mars .
passengers cheer as racist man kicked off flight for harassing pakistanis
thon quietly raises millions for childhood cancer every year love this event
plastic straws are a start . this is a step .
coca cola grants permission to two men in beaumont , texas a city with no water to steal bottled water from the company ' s warehouse
painting project helps dominican sisters in iraq
update: yusra , the 18yo girl who pulled a boat of fellow syrian refugees through the mediterranean for 3h will be swimming at the olympics in rio
moscow metro passengers help dog give birth to 9 puppies
queen meets young manchester bomb victims on visit to children ' s hospital
army veteran ' s dying wish is to hear from you
parkland shooting resource officer who stood outside and refused to help the children arrested with charges equaling 100 years in jail
billionaire todd wagner is trying to do for charities what amazon did for retail
girl gets final flowers on her 21st from dad who died from cancer five years ago
all hail ashley callingbull: from ' pageant girl ' to powerhouse
since 1974 every sunday this doctor treats 700 1200 patients free of cost
new carlisle man reunited with his lost dog after four years
georgia teens ask for jobs to stay away from gangs , get hired on the spot
goongerah ' s adorable wombat orphans
dog paddling for his life 220km off thai coast , rescued by oil rig workers
implantable 3d printed organs could be coming sooner than you think
ga . cop brought to tears by man ' s request after traffic stop
anthony ray hinton finds peace after 30 years on death row
mule and man forge friendship while rounding up rubbish
in small communities throughout northern nm , there are veterans who either cannot afford a car , or are too old or disabled to drive to albuquerque for their medical treatment . for the last 16 years , a pair of retired army soldiers have volunteered their time to drive the disabled veterans
nasa to launch spherex mission to investigate the origins of our universe
off soccer field , jozy altidore ' s goal is clean water for haiti
people are signing a petition to keep a walmart worker diagnosed with cerebral palsy at his job .
a new photography course is teaching child refugees to tell their own stories rather than foreign journalists
patagonia made $10 million on black friday and donated every cent to save the environment
daughter of nypd cop killed on 9/11 joins force , makes 3 arrests in 1st week
one day after florida school shooter kills 17 , oregon house passes gun control bill
an 8 year old nigerian refugee living in a homeless shelter won new york ' s state chess championship
when is sir patrick stewart not uplifting ?
hero rescue dog recovering after saving owner from house fire
pa . man who gives free haircuts to the homeless receives free barbershop from stranger
one act of kindness that changed a homeless man ' s life bbc news
war dog lucca , sniffing for troubleand finding it " its an inspiring tale of a brave dog and good people , all instinctively taking care of each other in the smoky horrors of war and finding happiness ever after .
upskirting is now a criminal offence in england and wales , after a campaign by one woman who was targeted at a music festival
students deliver 500 backpacks full of school supplies for incoming syrian refugee kids
indiana couple opens restaurant to help the homeless
sunken treasure: photos from mystery camera found in yukon lake inspire hunt for owner , owner has been found .
mom collects , buys 271 halloween costumes for homeless children . 6th year in a row .
world health organization says anti vaxxers one of the 10 biggest global health threats
puppy found with metal rod lodged through brain and eyes will have full vision in both eyes !
notre dame cathedral: disney pledges $5 million to rebuild ' hunchback ' home .
therapy kangaroo helps veterans , to be honored
8 national spelling bee co champions named in unprecedented competition
milwaukee is getting a village of tiny homes to help homeless veterans
ghanaian teacher who taught his students how to use ms word on a blackboard gets computers donated to his school
dubois eye surgeon offers better vision for veterans , free of charge
local restaurant chain donates to go boxes to assist kitten adoptions
orphans who grew up together share sweetest reunion
california nurse meets baby she helped save 28 years ago and he ' s a doctor
just doing their job , these bloodhounds have no idea they ' re saving lives and catching killers
target is adding single stall restrooms at all stores
hoping for change in africa ' s last one party state
students around the world walk out to demand change
rimfire commented on " jury finds d . c . sports bar redline discriminated against black bartender
akshar school in assam ( india ) accepting garbage as a form of fee .
man who stood on street corner with sign to reunite dog with owner now getting date requests
housing a homeless family in malawi
the iqaluit humane society , in one of the most remote regions of the world , has saved the lives of thousands of animals who in the past would have just been taken out to the dump yard and shot
france is using 600 miles of roads to generate renewable energy
cognition brewery in ishpeming is continuing its effort to help raise money for homeless pets
homeless edmonton man discovers rare disney art in ' ratty old plastic bag ' is worth thousands
washington wizards halftime promotes culture and diversity , debuts top naach
virginia beach surfers raise funds to send boards , equipment to impoverished kids in west indies
cleaner at phuket international airport return 600 , 000 baht worth of valuables to a passenger
teacher steps up for ill student even while out on her own medical leave
santa made an early stop in hawaii thursday to meet with a special group of keiki . more than a hundred children gathered at pearlridge center thursday to tell santa what they wanted for christmas using american sign language .
florida towns can no longer ban residential vegetable gardens
cyberbullying is now a crime in michigan punishable by jail time
what happened when a black lives matter protest group met a counter protest group on the streets in dallas , texas
man was locked away at 25 for assault on a police officer and got out at 69 , and he gets to share a lot of wisdom in the last 20 seconds of the video .
french police recover priceless gold relic that contained the embalmed heart of queen anne de bretagne
adelaide boy with cerebral palsy kicks a goal at his first footy match
cool idea to help sufferers with ms get their mobility back
supermarket shopper saved a total stranger ' s life . facebook helped the two women connect .
teacher raises money to buy christmas presents for the entire school
formerly homeless teenager gets accepted into all of the 18 colleges he applied to
france overtakes britain as the fifth largest economy
elon musk has a 2027 deadline to surround earth with high speed starlink internet satellites but the service would work far sooner than that . the plan calls for launching nearly 12 , 000 satellites into orbit , but elon musk said a fraction of that would be required to start selling service .
a wwii veteran near where i live is about to turn 100 and just wants 100 birthday cards for his birthday . can we help him out ?
a merry christmas for mother who delivers healthy baby girl while battling cancer
' activism works ' : uk parliament makes history in declaring climate emergency
the home depot workers in texas created free , custom walker for disabled toddler
tree ' s survival is victory for residents
kiwis to be reintroduced to new zealand capital for first time in a century
hero runs into burning building armed with iphone flashlight , saves 9yo girl who lost entire family
turkish gym gives 12 year old syrian refugee , gazing through window , free lifetime pass
12 children who were kidnapped from their homes in northern nigeria , safely rescued by the police
museum of science , boston changed michael bloombergs life . he gives back with a $50 million gift .
indian man hits $1m jackpot six days after surviving plane crash
tel aviv university scientists in israel develop a vaccine for skin cancer
newborn baby rescued from the mediterranean " beautifully healthy " , charity says
adorable kitten follows a man home and refuses to leave and four years later , he is still with him
this bakery offers a second chance for women after prison
diverse array of dinosaur tracks mark australia ' s ' jurassic park '
morning commuter helps family escape house fire
9 year old saves baby brother from drowning
how one mom ' s extraordinary love transforms the short lives of hospice babies
florida inmates got a baby out a of locked car
father throws party after son fails class 10 exam
brilliant local recycling initiative helps people put food on the table
scientists use ai to predict biological age based on smartphone and wearables data the breakthrough demonstration untaps emerging potential of combining wearable sensors and ai for continuous health risk monitoring with real time feedback to life &amp; healthcare providers
long time packers locker room attendant keeps players on their toes and works his way into their hearts [x post r/greenbaypackers]
the royal canadian mint is releasing a new $1 coin design next year , commemorating the 50th anniversary of the decriminalization of homosexuality in canada
repairman fixes military wife ' s broken furnace for $1
two scottish entrepreneurs are developing a process to extract oil from used coffee grounds , which could potentially replace palm oil
the police in louisville , kentucky are handing out 50 dollars bills to citizens at random .
southern indiana dog fights off cancer to win agility competition at westminster dog show
187 year old jonathan the tortoise of st . helena is the worlds oldest land animal
tardigrade protein can greatly improve human tolerance to radiation
cat reunited 7 years after being reported missing . found on heathland and very skinny , " mulan " turned out to have a chip and to have been missing for 7 years . social media found her original owner , who moved and then had died from ms , but the cat is now reunited with the owners ' parents . netherlands
dog reunited with owner 14 months after going missing
charity walk raises support for millions suffering from lung diseases
healing of ozone layer gives hope for climate action: un report
walmart layaways paid off by ' secret santa '
your dog knows when you ' re upset , and wants to help
as 74 percent of apples carbon footprint coming from suppliers , apple has persuaded 15 more of its suppliers , including foxconn and tsmc , to manufacture apple products using 100 percent clean energy .
firefighters revive kitten using oxygen mask
' wonder girl ' beats tumour with robotic surgery
fantasy sports gambler pledges 50% of his winnings from a major tournament to charity , ends up winning $2 . 2 million
after womans car breaks and she cant afford a tow , teens push it 4 miles to get her home
ireland creating worlds largest redwood forest outside of california
halifax man aims to turn ' wasteful ' cannabis packaging into prosthetic limbs
scientists may have found a functional cure for type 1 diabetes
trump supporter tips waitress $450 and leaves a sweet uplifting note after the inauguration .
california limits pet store sales of cats , dogs and rabbits to rescue or shelter animals only
long overdue reward presented in historical german murder case: the us descendants of a man who helped solve the 1835 murder of a small german town ' s mayor are to receive a reward . the money was not paid out at the time because of a filing error .
states are moving to cut college costs by introducing open source textbooks
denmark ' s players paid for a private jet so defender jonas knudsen could fly home and see his new born daughter after the world cup win over peru .
a man and his dog respond to neighbour ' s last call for help
how one community brought child mortality down from 154 to 7 per 1 , 000 live births
endangered red pandas seized from smuggler in laos , largest rescue recorded
california declared totally drought free for first time in seven years
thanks to perseverance , missing family cat found safe at the landfill .
two men selflessly sacrificed themselves to save the lives of syrian children
hero biker crew saves the life of an abused teenage girl
this danish school has installed the world ' s largest solar facade
since the volvo xc90 went on sale in the uk in 2002 it has sold over 50 , 000 vehicles , yet not a single person has been killed while driving it , or as a passenger .
nicki minaj quietly kept sending funds to an indian village , today it ' s fully developed
british red cross raises over $3m during manchester benefit concert , bringing total to $12m
muslim american man to help jewish cemetery where hundreds of headstones were vandalised
almost a year after brain surgery , alberta teen gets his wish to sing with onerepublic
50 norwegian organizations call for investigation , weapon sales ban to saudi arabia , uae , kuwait and egypt over yemen war
south carolina state law provides a safe haven for unwanted babies and mothers
why scott harrison decided to quit being the worst guy he knew and start working to serve others through his work at charity water [video]
grosse pointe school district stands by principal ' s unity comments following presidential election wxyz . com
stolen gnome returned to home with album full of adventures
washington supreme court tosses out state ' s death penalty
3 , 000 kg of garbage collected from mt . everest , as nepals clean up campaign gathers momentum
hundreds turn out for funeral of polish man who died alone on christmas day
black women become most educated group in us
montana community sharing fond memories of " larry the homeless guy " aftert his passing &lt;3
imagine if we would join forces
eighth boy freed from thai cave as rescue operation continues
hidden away from bullets and bombs , syrian book lovers have created a secret library that provides learning , hope and inspiration to people in the besieged damascus suburb of darayya .
the end of drug commercials plaguing nightly newscasts might just be in sight !
new zealand leader jacinda ardern and partner get engaged
jeweler has no fingers , creates amazing work anyway . when youve been born with something , then you learn your way of doing things from birth .
a woman who was sentenced to life after killing her alleged sex trafficker has been granted clemency .
italian village abandoned by locals revitalized by offering empty houses and jobs to migrants
soldier buys 2 hungry brothers taco bell , and they ' re forever grateful
i have your back ' elderly veteran stands guard as sheriff ' s deputy pumps gas
former nba all star pays it forward to south sudan ' s youth
wp: why i became a german citizen , 80 years after escaping the nazis as a jewish baby
ga couple arranges early wedding at hospital so dying dad can give bride away
oh deer ! police rescue doe caught in soccer net
amazon tribe saves plant lore with healing forests and encyclopedia: in a bid to safeguard knowledge the matses in peru have been planting medicinal agroforestry plots and written a 1 , 044 page two volume book .
#shootforpeace aims to turn streets from crime to art
woman left in penn station reunited with family 40 years later
co existing amid terrorist threats in cameroon . " christians protect mosques on friday , muslims patrol around churches on sunday to prevent attacks from boko haram
europes forests are recovering and growing larger than ever
emirati church hosts muslim workers for prayers and iftar
john mulaney and his wife ' s relationship with pete davidson is the most wholesome thing
service dog delivers 8 puppies at florida airport while waiting for a flight
grand rapids hospital makes costumes for young patients in wheelchairs
jimmy carter says he no longer needs cancer drug treatment
two men arrested in starbucks opt for a settlement that the entire community can benefit from . when they go low , we go high .
restaurant owner offers free large pizza in exchange for guns
salina store clerks found a $1 million lottery ticket then tracked down its owner
couple tips waitress $400 , then offers to pay $10 , 000 of her student debt .
101 year old wwii veteran flew 1 , 500 miles to commission grandson at air force academy
indiana police wins " officer of the year " award for responding to a shooting , catching the suspect , then helped the victim pay for his medical bills
this is uplifting because its having attention brought to it , and he is doing the right thing !
two years after gaining international attention , pizza the polar bear has been reunited with his mother and appears less stressed at his new home .
after my uncle was diagnosed with terminal cancer , hundreds of unknown people in our community heard his story through a viral facebook post , and helped them get married on saturday .
australian detective wins praise for textbook tackle of suspected stalker
a former german waffen ss soldier who was captured during the second world war has left almost 400 , 000 to a scottish village for the kindness he was shown as a prisoner of war
scampering dogs in chile help restore burnt forests
474 arrested in california human trafficking stings
92% irish people pay for bottled water at " honesty box " point in dublin airport
senator hatch helps reunite moroccan family
animal overpasses on i 90 will grant safe passage to washington wildlife
community leader builds a school in violence stricken chicago neighborhood , and earns an unexpected grant without his knowledge .
life saving liver donation leads to love for frankfort couple
meet the man offering kids free haircuts if they do their homework today . com
dog follows google street view mapper and ends up in all of his photos
palestinian man awarded israeli residency for saving family of murdered rabbi
chesapeake bay blue crabs are at their most plentiful in seven years , scientists say
florida man reunited with dog lost in gulf of mexico storm
truckers train to help rescue sex slaves on the road
game developer shelters stranger with kidney problems , who proceeds to move with him across country twice . stranger ( now friend ) ends up getting a kidney transplant .
prof stephen hawking ' s ' gift ' for cambridge charity meal
dog hit by car gets help and a new home thanks to biker who carried injured canine on his back
omaha teen found after hiking from northern minnesota into canada
little dog snatched up by eagle is returned to her family
gofundme set up for homeless man who was beaten and had paintings and cash stolen
europe oldest tree is still growing
adidas turns edmonton boys drawings into custom designed soccer jersey , cleats
nfl ' s julius peppers creates unforgettable christmas for young fan displaced by hurricane florence
arkansas couple drives homeless man , thought to be dead , 600 miles to his family in illinois
heroic chinese pilot who saved 439 lives in near miss drama
zinc could help as non antibiotic treatment for utis
india eyes record satellite launch as asia ' s space race heats up
' britain ' s loneliest dog ' lands top hollywood film role after being rejected more than 18 , 000 times
service dog reunited with army veteran month after being stolen in the bronx
all the medals at the 2020 olympic and paralympic games in tokyo will be made from recycled electronic waste .
dunkin donuts employee rescues a loyal customer who went missing
funds for service dog raised in one day
with the help of this doctor and ultrasound technology , this visually impaired family was able to meet their son before he was born
billerica animal officer squirms 30 feet into pipe to save a lost dog
meet the woman buying houses for melbourne ' s homeless
can china be the worlds first nation to land on dark side of the moon ?
black men arrested in starbucks settle for $1 each and $200 , 000 program for young people
updated: november 15 , 2018 2:12 pm canadian couple from b . c . helping feed fire affected residents in california
wwii shipmates reunite 74 years later thanks to a daughter ' s facebook post
mother carries baby without brain to term , so that organs can be donated to other babies in need
dutch church holds endless service to shield family from deportation
afghan fighters who previously tried to kill each other reunite as family
dna saves veterans service dog from death sentence
thousands of native voters in north dakota getting free ids
bell burnell: physics star gives away 2 . 3m prize . the sum will go to fund women , under represented ethnic minority and refugee students to become physics researchers .
anuradha koirala: the woman who rescued more than 12 , 000 girls from sex trafficking
a video game developed to detect alzheimers disease seems to be working
dog adapted from street saves life of his human
wisconsin squirrels freed from ' gordion knot ' of tails
tech company teams with non profit to take on homelessness in sf
greta effect leads to boom in childrens environmental books the 16 year old climate change activist has galvanised young people to read more about saving the planet
he ' s still alive which is a pleasant change for actual survivors: australian archbishop guilty of covering up child sex abuse ( pay your own rent , dude and live in a trailer far away from humanity )
young muslims take to streets to clean up after new years eve celebrations
slate: millions more americans are about to be eligible for overtime pay . ( thanks , obama . )
part time jobs beautifying denver mark new eras for some people and for a successful city program
new study shows europe has the potential supply to provide the whole world ' s energy until 2050 due to the amount of suitable locations for onshore wind farms .
ifts of free clothing help people to get new jobs
india: animals are legal entities with rights , duties and liabilities of a living person says uttarakhand high court
alberta rancher does c section , delivers pronghorn after mom hit by car
sweet story out of halifax !
go get em ' who !
unaccompanied minor returns to guatemala: 5 years ago she left out of desperation . i adopted her in the u . s . , she received her green card last month and today she was able to return to visit her parents .
gatlinburg man who lost wife , 2 daughters in fire forgives accused teens
birth control available without doctor visit in colorado
masked men spreading cheer in halifax with random acts of kindness
lodi man gets second chance at life when brain tumor vanishes without surgery
woman who lied about being attacked for wearing a hijab fined
newborn florida twins separated at birth won ' t stop crying unless they ' re together again
and now , the really big coal plants begin to close
briggs trust donates $436k for schizophrenia research
president obama responds to eight year old girls letter by coming to flint , michigan
india decriminalises homosexuality .
roger waters: how a war veteran led the pink floyd star to the exact spot where his father died .
scientists make historic breakthrough that could save dying coral reefs from climate change
philly jewish cemetery cleanup effort has so many volunteers it ' s started to turn people away .
blacksburg pharmacist makes epi pen alternative for $20
underappreciated story of the month originally brought to us by /u/sariel007
man who got homophobic valentine at work gets new card signed by justin trudeau
warren buffett donates $3 . 4 billion worth of berkshire stock . along with the gates foundation , four family foundations are also receiving stock: the susan thompson buffett foundation , sherwood foundation , howard g . buffett foundation and novo foundation .
baby elephant carried to safety
belgian boy laurent simons heads off to university aged 8
saudi arabia now allows women to join army .
french football team misspells their team name on their kit decides to send it to a high school in vermont who will then donate it to the community
how to build on obamacare
travel nurse starts gift box service for nurses
aquarium and construction companies come together to rescue trapped ocean sunfish
over the counter contraceptives are now free for washingtonians with insurance
new jersey company will pay man ' s drunken $1 , 600 uber fare thanking him for choosing not to drink and drive .
grandma , 61 , gives birth to own granddaughter so her son and his husband can be dads
' play streets australia ' project wants neighbours to become good friends and build safe communities
as wildfire approaches , staff member houses 150 animals evacuated from turtle bay exploration park in redding , calif .
86 year old iranian man receives masters degree
fathers labor of love as a graveyard janitor puts 5 kids through boston college
12 year old ventriloquist amazes again on americas got talent .
how science transformed the world in 100 years
man frees seal from commercial fishing line
a 69 year old double amputee has just climbed mount everest
upliftingnews in review for 8/21/17 8/27/17
new research could banish guilty feeling for consuming whole dairy products
the nations first offshore wind farm is ready to go , despite critics blowback
reliving communist past helps east german dementia patients
instead of spending money on an expensive honeymoon , a newlywed couple instead decorated their local area with beautiful flowers and hanging baskets . both were previously widowed and say caring for the flowers is bringing their community together
jacinda ardern pays for groceries of a mum who forgot her wallet
seven year old boy recovering well after five organ transplant | uk news
tasmanian farmers sending truckloads of feed to drought stricken farmers on mainland australia
preface of one of my textbooks
mechanic , who doesn ' t have any emergency training , saved a woman ' s life by doing cpr to the tune of the bee gees song stayin alive .
survey shows tobacco use down by 33% among indian youth , 53% plan to quit
man visits shelters to ask for dogs that no one wants , ends up adopting 10 senior canines
wild california condor chick fledges in santa barbara county for first time since 1982
cubs win first world series in 108 years , end curse with game 7 for the ages
town rallies to throw last minute wedding and graduation for children of a popular doctor dying of cancer .
after denver hired homeless people to shovel mulch and perform other day labor , more than 100 landed regular jobs
family searches for man who saved their dog in ne albuquerque
every single teacher on a crowd funding site just got their wishes fulfilled . ripple donated $29 million in cryptocurrency to donorschoose . org
dad ' s touching explanation for why he still helps his ex wife after divorce
tesla model 3 unmanned on autopilot travels 1 , 000 km on a single charge in new hypermiling record
americans move dramatically toward acceptance of homosexuality .
saving a road accident victim in delhi can make you earn both respect and money ( news in hindi )
montreal ' s ugly christmas tree returns
truck driver: cat survives 400 miles clinging under semi
custodian picks up degree from college he cleaned for almost a decade
from r/science
man leaves $3 million to start animal shelter in ohio
ronaldinho and riquelme offer to come out of retirement for chapecoense
new tube badges are offered for passengers with hidden ailments: ' please offer me a seat '
this store employee ' s simple gesture meant the world to a teen with autism
finders keepers: janitor may keep discarded gold bars a stroke of luck ? a janitor may become the legitimate owner of seven bars of gold , worth 350 million won , which he found in a garbage bin in incheon international airport thursday .
postmaster personally travels 300 miles to deliver passport on time
us army doctor returns war souvenir to its vietnamese owner
illinois governor pardons vietnam pilot convicted as teen
40 french twitch streamers organized zevent and raised more than 1 million euros for doctors without borders in one week end
puppy who had his eye removed has been adopted by the vet who saved his life
stranger pays tab , leaves note for mother of boy with autism
refugees revive dying sicilian town
beautiful things are happening here: combining senior care with child care
colombian leader wins nobel peace prize
brussels has moved to make public transport and bike share system free on smoggiest days in bid to drive down pollution levels and meet eu air quality directives . new rules will also see car speed limits cut and wood burning stoves banned in drive to improve air quality .
officer who saved three from burning building awarded for service
burns , oregon man runs a break even local theater ( 100 miles from next closest theaters ) so that local kids have something to do . community helped him raise the funds for a digital projector when he could no longer acquire film to show
' grandma in the window ' brings comfort and joy to students riding bus
pay educators well ! !
maremma guard dog hailed for its role as a lamb nanny , chook protector for livestock
elderly couple have their car and christmas presents stolen local community crowd funds hundreds of pounds for them
chelsea football club to send racist fans on auschwitz trips instead of banning them
california man who spent 39 years in prison gets $21 million for wrongful conviction
steven tyler opens home for abused girls with scarf cutting ceremony .
costa rica runs entirely on renewable energy for 300 days
golden retriever left to die in a dumpster now brings hope to others as a therapy dog
henry ford cancer institute first in world to install mri guided radiation therapy
the new tech community helping irish start ups reach silicon valley
thousands who attended boycott bowl in new orleans raised $57k
robin hood army: indians and pakistanis unite against a common enemy
a woman who was born with a severe facial deformity and whose parents raised $303 , 462 to pay for 18 operations over the next 14 years gets her happily ever after
college lacrosse player scores in her first game after leg amputation
people who are really good at swearing have an important advantage
germany votes to cut state funding to neo nazi political party
notre dame: 600m raised to help restore fire damaged paris cathedral
the irs will begin accepting 2016 tax returns on jan . 23
college football players shave heads to support coach with cancer
bobby the kitten survives 60c washing machine cycle bbc news
mercedes benz swaps robots for people on its assembly lines
hes been helping the homeless and hungry; now he gets to lead a parade
teacher breaks down into tears when his students give him a cake
artificial intelligence can stop wildfires in their tracks
video: deputies play basketball with houston kids
russian tattoo artist turns scars of domestic abuse into art . for free
as trump stokes racial tensions , black candidates have breakthrough year
australian aboriginals to get billions in compensation for land &amp; spiritual loss in landmark case
woman set to donate kidney to stranger she met on facebook
seattle wants to build a $3 million ' mega tent ' for the homeless amid a crackdown on illegal camps
one time cop takes ' dream ride ' in kpd squad
boy leaves heartbreaking note on toy panda after his mom couldn ' t afford it
california drops its greenhouse gas emissions back to 1990 levels; state law requires an additional 40% cut by 2030
kindness of strangers: man gives trade in car to cash strapped nursing student
paralysed patients able to walk again as ' breakthrough ' implant restores nerves in spine
homeless man united with family after video goes viral
amazing 8 year old austic boy inpsires woodchime company to introduce line of austism woodchime for charity , all with his love of woodchimes .
truck driver says he was fired for giving away plywood to protect homes from hurricane irma
its surreal: seattles pike place fish market sold to fish throwing employees
florida couple overjoyed after stranger captured man ' s proposal and tracked them down with facebook
the great pacific garbage patch located between hawaii and california ocean clean up about to begin .
tribe saves rainforests from destruction
a teacher from north london has been announced as winner of a competition to find the world ' s best teacher .
china freezes approval for new nuclear power due to competition from renewables
chrissy teigen pays for fan to go to beauty school
member of india ' s lowest caste expected to be elected president
san francisco becomes first major u . s . city to ban fur sales
cat accidentally shipped to montreal in parcel reunited with n . s . family
jackson woman turns home into retirement house for elderly or abandoned pets
milwaukee couple opening small group home for lgbtq foster youth
same sex attraction is ok , boys can cry , girls no means no india ' s new curriculum
washington , d . c . , restaurant provides free meals for the homeless
the powerful anti terrorism ad that ' s the hit of ramadan
strangers rally to aid of stranded rv driver
hedgehog miss tiggy winkles rescued after getting stuck in prickly situation
peeved by price gouging and shortages , hospitals will now make their own drugs
truly impressive work being done to rescue religious minoritys from slavery under isis .
watch out , world: the dragon babies are graduating from high school this year
ham radio operators are saving puerto rico one transmission at a time
polish olympian piotr malachowski auctioning silver medal for boy with rare cancer
meet vickie williams tillman , good samaritan who swarmed man attacking baton rouge police officer
five year old facing terminal brain cancer wanted to ride the school bus and become a kindergartener . it was summer and schools were closed . how he got his wish .
the midwife who saved intersex babies
justice department says it will end use of private prisons
' egg boy ' to donate money raised for him towards victims of christchurch attack
complete plastic ban in maharashtra , india : everything banned except food wrapping and pet bottles .
mcdonald ' s is partnering with aarp to hire older employees
only 1 person rsvp ' d to a party for a boy with autism , so a high school football team showed up to celebrate
bacteria coaxed to deliver chemo drugs right inside tumours
old dogs are getting adopted way more often , and theyre also quite smart
retired officer gets to keep k 9 partner
papa john ' s u . k . launches " beezza " campaign selling mini pizzas for bees to help raise awareness of declining bee populations around the globe
teenager wins $50 , 000 award for extracting 87% of microplastics from water using magnetic liquid
the number of plastic bags found on the seabed has plummeted , suggesting efforts to combat plastic pollution are working: experts say success of strategy needs to be replicated with other plastic items such as coffee cups and bottles .
drug overdose deaths drop in u . s . for first time since 1990
blue bus of kabul brings joys of reading to afghan children
door panel saves man buried 67 hours in china landslide
tx boy lost in a national forest for more than 24 hours , found
south african medical engineers have built an epipen replacement that costs $16 a shot
florida shelter combats northeast ' s kitten shortage , flies 40 to new york .
' bullying is wrong it ' s okay to tell an adult ' boy who lost an eye to cancer encourages other kids to stand up to bullies like he did
new zealand female only stick insect produces ' rogue ' male in uk: the specimen , which was discovered by an insect enthusiast in cornwall , could mean the animal is ready to start having sex .
california adds 19 , 400 jobs , a quarter of all u . s . employment growth in may
prince edward island town mobilizes for single mother with triplets
chinas queen of chess quits match to protest weird all female pairings in open tournament
we are so excited to team up with soberocity on our quest to spread positivity ! !
an emotional reunion for an oregon visitor who nearly died at the daniel k . inouye airport , as he thanks his rescuers for the first time on friday . larry and audrey gill were headed back home when he collapsed in the airport lobby .
neighbour ' caught baby like a football ' after she was thrown from burning sydney unit block
facebook lost around 2 . 8 million users in 2017 and is gonna lose another 2 million this year according to research .
a billionaire technology investor and philanthropist said on sunday his family would wipe out the student debt of the entire 2019 class at morehouse college in atlanta , the alma mater of martin luther king jr .
the observer view on britain failing dismally in its moral duty to help refugees
kfc first uk fast food chain to commit to new chicken welfare standards move expected to put pressure on rivals mcdonalds , burger king and large supermarkets such as tesco and sainsburys
syrian refugee comes to the rescue of canadian bride ' s wedding dress
hiv cure hope after uk trial of pioneering virus treatment
social enterprise founder who grew up in social housing is tackling housing affordability and homelessness through housing mobility
self proclaimed old coots offer life advice at farmers market . their slogan: its probably bad advice , but its free .
kids choose between a christmas gift for their parents or themselves
9 y/o competes in adult obstacle course to raise bullying awareness
stephen curry consoles boy who lost dad in car crash: ' give him that strength '
robert f . smith vows to pay student loan debt at commencement ' 19
kkk ' imperial wizard ' found dead on a missouri riverbank
til after " the worlds largest beach clean up " at mumbai ' s versova beach , olive ridley turtles returned to lay eggs for the first time in 20 years .
twelve year old boy launches teddy bear charity for sick kids in hospital , and aims to personally sew 365 this year
denmark is the latest country to announce a ban on internal combustion engines . it will stop the sale of petrol or diesel cars in 2030 , and hybrids by 2035 .
team rhino
cows that escaped st . louis slaughterhouse are headed to animal sanctuary ! [mooooo ! ! ! ! ]
kitten rescued from trash bag after tossed from car onto wauchula road
300 protest deportation of afghan classmate in nurnberg/germany [article in german with video]
nearly 40% of all new power capacity in india this year is solar
the story of texas rangers prospect matt bush ' s rediscovery and unlikely comeback
from communist rule to a city for children: the transformation of tirana
mother and daughter reunited after decades surprised to find they were co workers
' have strength in your dreams ' : the voices muslim contestant offers powerful message of hope
kids working on kabul ' s streets get a second chance at childhood
how a quadriplegic gained movement in his hand , thanks to a brain chip
window washers at chkd surprise children by dressing as super heroes
dad ' s message to son about bullying
puppy who woke up after being euthanized gets new leash on life
firewomen prove they exist to four year old esme bbc news
fishmonger buys 70 pound octopus just to set it free
meet the portland teen who might actually change the world
nelly furtado experiences first xenophobia and then love after performance of " o canada
church i visited today made quilts for the local homeless shelter .
this startup company undermines apples sales plans by bringing 3d emoji to android and old iphones .
at charity on wheels , helping the homeless is a two way street
toy smuggler risks life to bring hope to syrian kids
vermont made colorful cat collar gives birds a fighting chance
fallen , but not forgotten . dutch citizens adopt all graves at netherlands american cemetery margraten
officers had just buried a brother when they stopped at red robin for food then , they found this message on $123 tab | video
mayor bill de blasio: how we cut poverty in new york city
africa ' s revolutionary new free trade area could lift millions out of poverty
freeze dried gut bacteria could be the key to tackling asthma , alzheimer ' s , parkinsons disease and even cancer
i posted a huge note for the thief who stole my bike . then my doorbell rang .
swedish cat missing for a year returned to owner in england
scotland just produced enough wind energy to power all its homes twice over
portlands new electric buses run on wind energy , a first in us transit
doctor buys plane , launches local clinics to quickly treat opioid users in small n . l . communities in canada
men risk lives in heart stopping rescue to save child falling from fifth floor of building
troops rescue 80 year old man and over 1000 other boko haram hostages
beijing basks in bluest skies in a decade as campaign against smog pays off
penni is a pit bull who was rescued a day before she would ' ve been euthanized . she now travels all over the southwest .
university of memphis to offer free tuition to children , spouses of fallen service members
white nationalist richard spencers ex classmates decry him by raising money for refugees
a solar powered future is finally upon us
armed police officers give bride and groom ' something blue ' with ride on wedding day
baby with cleft lip finally smiles to australian mum after five month hospital ordeal
36 dogs rescued from ' putrid ' living conditions
minnesota man donates his entire tool collection to a newly opened tool library .
new zealand plastic bag phase out confirmed
record breaking number of volunteers sign up to clean uks beaches this year .
aldi trials direct charity food donations at 24 stores .
falling boy survives 8th floor plunge through life saving bed sheet held by neighbors
soldier pays for ticket to fly afghan translator to america
week old stowaway kittens survive 500 mile journey to san diego in 60 foot steel column
truly uplifting ! this n . korean defector uses an old tactic to levitate news of the outside world into north korea .
this makes me happy . .
nine people arrested and 50 kids rescued after probe into an international pedophile ring
st . louis woman gets new smile after being cyber bullied !
a 6th grader witnessed a school bus perform a hit and run on a parked car . after being dropped the student went back and left a detailed note , identifying both the particular bus and the school it belonged to .
isis down to 6 , 500 fighters , holds only 3 percent of iraq
teen mom graduates after bringing her daughter with her to college classes every day
woman unknowingly adopts dog she gave up as a child
bird found in plastic container in garbage can finds help and a home | toronto star
act of kindness: 8 year old north carolina girl pays for elderly couple ' s dinner
eu nationals defend people against terrorists using skateboards and crates
kentucky high school student ' s tragic death helps give others new life
christmas comes early for father with criminal record who turned to kijiji in job hunt with a viral video ad
kids practice reading to shy shelter dogs at missouri humane society
china opens worlds coolest library with 1 . 2 million books
elderly man collapses after stranding jeep in remote oregon canyon , is rescued 4 days later by good samaritan
2 campers presumed dead found alive after flooding
crews rescue ailing hiker from red river gorge
a man ' s store was robbed in bay bridge , brooklyn , nyc . he set up this poster .
swedens government to boost spending on solar energy
the latest: un leader hopes iran nuclear deal will stand
homeless man went twice into burning building to save girl
vince staples shuts down his gofundme , donates money to michelle obama libary instead
mcdonald ' s employee jumps through drive thru window to save customer
woman help raise funds to send uber driver to see his son compete in rio olympics
uk ' s first vending machine for homeless people launches ( x post from /r/worldnews )
pennsylvania families threatened by their school district with losing children to foster care over unpaid lunch debts have debts paid off and now qualify for free school meals .
ethiopia , eritrea sign peace deal at saudi arabia summit
kacey musgraves helps a struggling business owner by creating an instagram account for him and now he has over 15k followers
missing south yorkshire parrot found eating chocolate biscuits at supermarket .
mum tells how secretly giving her dying son cannabis saved his life as well as her own
did an ama and coincidently saved a mans life
they get people off the ground; irvine organization celebrates donation of 1 million wheelchairs
fox news ' ex ceo roger ailes dead
afghan rapper escaped teen marriage by singing about it
a woman on a morning walk found a beached whale . she and others cared for it until wildlife rescue arrived .
this sick baby cow was rejected by his nc herd . so he decided to become a dog .
he dead
struggling with rising rents , a berlin borough buys out private landlords
us surgeons remove rare facial tumor from brazilian girl
scientists have discovered that an fda approved arthritis drug might also help treat pancreatic cancer . the drug works by causing the cancer cells mitochondria to fuse , after which they are destroyed . the drug prolonged survival in a mouse model of pancreatic cancer .
i listen to these podcasters and their most recent episode features a fundraiser they are doing to help a listener and their family . nothing in it for them , just helping a family in need , and they used their celebrity contacts to help . restored a little of my faith in humanity .
8 year old gives lego money to classmate struggling with cancer
man ' s carers go to pay for meal at restaurant and realise it ' s already been taken care of
kanye west reaches out to fan dying of cancer for last wish .
chess instills new dreams in kids from rural mississippi county
little free pantries , based on the little free library concept , popping up all over california town
no one came to a young russian youtubers meet and greet . after her tearful video went viral she became famous , with celebrities offering to meet with her
scripps spelling bee ends in 8 way championship tie | cbc news
local food swap all about reducing waste , saving money and cultivating connections
after all the bullshit lately , this made my morning . jon stewart &amp; stephen colbert to reunite for coverage of the republican national convention
such a gentleman ! boy , 3 , buys cops their coffee in philly diner
girl ' with a very big heart ' received heartwarming letter of thanks from homeless man
china and europe to build a base on the moon and launch other projects into space
since mali formed an armed brigade to protect its endangered desert elephants 9 months ago , not a single elephant has been lost to poachers
this woman went to great lengths to ensure her rescue ponies remained safe during a storm
woman miraculously survives las vegas shooting after iphone stops bullet
galapagos island gets its first iguanas since darwin after mass release
nighttime encounter leads to unlikely friendship between white cop , black teen
a london marathon runner who helped a competitor finish said he was just lending a hand to a " guy in need " . swansea harriers runner mr rees told the chorlton runners athlete: " we ' ll cross the line together .
country time lemonade to help pay fines , permit fees for kids lemonade stands
fundraising for greenland going well
met museum makes 375 , 000 images available for free
vacationing mom pulls toddler from creek , saves boys life
eagle scout conrad rutherford raised funds to design and build three canine agility courses this summer
beijing philanthropist commits $1 . 5 billion usd to wildlife conservation
germany becomes the first country to ban disturbing chick shredding practice from egg industry
little girl gives her garbage man hero one of her birthday cupcakes
goodwill worker rewarded after returning $39 , 000 found in donated purse
video: ivanka and donald trump booed by protesters in london while leaving 10 downing street
the ottawa public library is hoping to ease the digital divide for people who can ' t afford to get online by loaning something new: wi fi hotspots . in a pilot project starting in june , the library plans to lend 75 hotspots to people who wouldn ' t otherwise be able to get online .
india decriminalized homosexuality
indian institute appoints transgender woman as social development officer
ivory trade to be banned in uk ' to protect elephants ' .
young entrepreneurs simple button keeps people with dementia from wandering off
syrian chocolatier family , forced to leave everything behind , immigrates to canada and with the support of the local community , rebuild their lives
golden retriever saves lost baby koala by keeping her warm
world ' s biggest yacht is shipshape and ' nearly ' ready to sail
cuba starts giving out free preventive hiv pill
dutch police officers repair christmas cards after mailbox was destroyed by fireworks . ( link refers to dutch article )
grass is back in the chesapeake , and crabs will follow
indonesian high schoolers win international award for curing cancer in rat using rare native plant bajakah
it ' s now illegal to declaw a cat in denver
kolkata ( india ) has a new library on the street much to readers delight
charles manson has died .
tiger census: india achieves target of doubling tiger count 4 years before deadline
new plant focused diet would transform planets future , say scientists
africa set to be declared polio free as nigeria marks three years without the disease
zero elephants poached in a year in one of africas largest wildlife parks
mdma to be used in trauma treatment in israel and u . s . may not be far behind
dog lost on the birdsville track 200km from anywhere reunited with owner
un acclaim for indian anti hunger activist | troubled to see the amount of food being wasted in the big , fat indian weddings , management graduate ankit kawatra came up with the solution to redistribute it among the hungry .
chicago rallies to protect homeless people from the polar vortex
this 5 year old uses her allowance money to make ' blessing bags ' for the homeless
is polar bear love in the air ? nc zoo hopes third time is the charm for mating couple .
heroic driver sacrifices his tesla to save unconscious man in runaway volkswagen
the hurricanes playing their equipment manager as emergency goalie is the best kind of cheesy sports story
more than 70 per cent of scottish electricity is renewable
d . c . restaurant feeds the poor and homeless every single day
denver cat harvey turns up in texas 9 months after he went missing
nj boy with muscular dystrophy reunited with missing dog
adorable new zealand penguin greets his human friend
man gifts car to stranger during trade in at el cajon , ca dealership
a remarkable pasadena achievement: no more homeless families
the stories of her breast friends cancer survivors who have laughed and cried together
anonymous couple gifts $100 to each employee at fast food restaurant [bush ' s chicken in georgetown , texas]
small world: neighbors learn adopted chinese daughters are half sisters
puppies cannot be bought unless their mother is present under new laws
this is what happened when a city centre pub opened its doors to homeless people on christmas day . . .
smith college offers free semester to students affected by hurricane maria
let ' s pay tribute to the airline that did everything in its power to help a mother in need
boss raised the minimum salary of employees , they thank him with gifting his dream car , a tesla
brave indian policeman jumps out of a moving train , rescues woman from would be rapist
farmer saves cows trapped on tiny patch of turf after earthquake
new zealand father and daughter land in australia after being missing for a month at sea
bikers ride across canada for kids
high school senior buys valentine ' s day flowers for all 834 girls at his school
louisiana man , 58 , who has spent 36 years in prison on a wrongful rape conviction is freed
teen replants hundreds of mangroves that were destroyed by hurricane irma
baby blown into black sea , mother jumps in , passerby dives in to save both
i feel love: 8 year old girl sets out to hug officers in every state
three off duty first responders save dog on christmas
an 18th century cello worth more than 1 . 3 million ( $1 . 6 million ) has been returned to an award winning french musician . soloist ophelie gaillard had been robbed at knifepoint outside paris earlier in the week .
nebraska residents find beer filled fridge washed up in a field from the flood
this elementary school principal reads books on facebook to ensure her students have a bedtime story the washington post
ezekiel elliotts subtle season long gesture to a young fan with cancer
an american airlines passenger was stuck next to a ' screaming and kicking ' toddler . it goes really well when he chose an uncommon way to react
after judith daluz escaped from an abusive employer and reunited with her children , she struggled to make ends meet . so she started a cleaning business with other filipinaswhere shes her own boss .
prince harry makes personal donation to rio fill the seats campaign
facebook fundraiser to support legal services for immigrant families raises over $5 million .
kid accidentally runs cycle over chicken; rushes it to hospital with meager savings
india to have worlds only completely electrified large railway network
a 13 year old boy has his life turned around by an assistance dog who is now in the finals of crufts , the worlds biggest dog show .
indian computer engineer finds way to detect breast cancer without radiation
governments urged to ring every church bell in the world to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the end of world war 1 on nov 11
survivor in fishing boat accident tells of dramatic rescue after taking refuge in air pocket
google fires employee who authored anti diversity memo
clevelanders pay it forward with a wall of love
actual footage emu pows made to dance for human pleasure
florida man uncovers veterans ' stories and tombstones: ' you can bring that person back to life '
humble and reluctant hero saves eight people from a burning home
trump signs executive order cancelling student loan debt for disabled veterans
a billionaire is opening a new mental health center in colorado to treat veterans and their families
mit scientists crack the case of breaking spaghetti in two
penn state students collect stuffed animals for police to give to kids
man charged with stealing police dogs ball
new bill to aid homelessness was introduced this week , " the ending homelessness act of 2016 the federal bill would provide $13 . 27 billion to a variety of federal housing programs to help the homeless .
runners help carry fatigued runner to half marathon finish line
good samaritans save 89 year old woman crossing train tracks
cat missing 10 years is found injured but alive after wine country fires
citizens take over government owned property and set up rooms for homeless people
house votes 251 170 adopting bipartisan provision that would require president trump to get approval from congress before striking iran
spire donates , delivers teddy bears to st . louis childrens hospital patients
young man speaks about his darkest day after 4 years of solitary confinement and abuse from his parents 2008 2018
the day after learning heimlich maneuver , 9 year old saves choking friend
british tourist saved from attack by stray dog , later returns to greece and adopts him
lunenburg , ma boy is ' deputized ' by police department and presented mini cruiser
conjoined twins get relief for surgery abroad
first wild bison born in illinois in nearly 200 years
quebecers helping save cat intentionally run down by taxi
arkansas couple adopts seven siblings at once , giving them a forever family ahead of christmas
large crowd supports muslim day at texas capitol
entrepreneur offers to donate his frequent flyer points to strangers who can ' t afford to visit their families this christmas
3 teens send anonymous apology , $50 for library swastika
genaro gattuso , the former manager of football team a . c . milan , gave up 5 . 5 millions to make sure his staff members would be paid till the end of their contracts .
former tv anchor chris hurst , whose girlfriend was killed on live tv , wins race for virginia house
ameren illinois donates 150 air conditioners to help residents battle summer heat
these amazing high school cross country runners clean up overflowing trash for old people
la . airman steps in to aid animals in baton rouge area
a healthy group of tasmanian devils has been discovered in australia , giving new hope for the survival of the endangered species .
florida man serving life in prison for drug charge gets second chance
pasadena fire fighters help santa rosa couple that evacuated due to wildfires clean up yard
a four year old bibliophile is the library of congress ' latest guest librarian: daliyah maria arana has read more than 1 , 000 books
air force veteran ' s beloved service dog spared being put to death due to dna testing clearing the service animal of any wrong doing .
widowed father ' s photo tribute to his wife went viral and he found love again
girl , 8 , saved injured fathers life during ca shooting spree , sheriff says
hospital workers dress newborns up as pumpkins for halloween
scotland ' s ayrshire to give free tampons to tackle period poverty
india cancels mega plans to build coal power stations due to falling solar energy prices indiatimes . com
north korean soldier deserted . shot 5 times but he is fine . video in the article
he was lost and now he ' s found: an army veteran whose body was left unclaimed at the honolulu morgue for months will finally be getting a proper burial .
this police officer responded to a welfare check and then mowed the woman ' s grass
minn . farm donates 36 , 000 pounds of potatoes for thanksgiving food program
thief returns stolen racing bike
peggy whitsonfirst woman to command isswill make her 8th spacewalk today , the most by any female astronaut
mumbai housing society installs solar panel to save approx $3000 a month on electricity .
little girls who survived cancer together reunite for beautiful photo
cincinnati teen gets the gift of sight this season
fbi indict hillary clinton | campaign 2016 game over | fully exposed
fireman pays $1 , 000 electric bill to help keep teen with muscular dystrophy on life support
head coach turns down 3 . 5m payout , out of love for the team .
three chinese men have launched a public campaign sending bright red trucks with slogans denouncing homosexual conversion therapy through major cities in china , in a rare public protest against homophobia .
girl in florida mauled by pit bulls takes selfies of scars
cops help homeless find shelter in bitter cold
stanford university mechanical engineers have developed a more stable prosthetic leg and a better way of designing them that could make challenging terrain more manageable for people who have lost a lower leg .
call of duty:wwii private beta .
the funniest line in the thor: ragnarok trailer came from a make a wish kid
the time muhammad ali saved a man from suicide
kid cudi , race , &amp; mental health
92 year old man donates an ambulance for the third time !
gwyneth paltrows goop to pay $145 , 000 in settlement over vaginal egg claims
dog saved from puppy mill didn ' t even know how to sleep lying down
from aircraft cleaner to airline pilot ! man celebrates achieving captain rank after 24 years
two uk teachers cycling 1000 miles , finish monday but still to reach fundraising target . reddit , can we help ?
santa now sends letters to kids all year long , not just for christmas .
from unwanted baby to cherished son: how zeke found a home
more than 100 [dutch] daycare centres ban non vaccinated children
iranian maryam mirzakhani becomes the first woman in history to win the fields medal ( often considered the " nobel prize of mathematics " )
mormon tabernacle choir director mentors inmate music group
melanie can do it: woman with downs syndrome to fulfill weather presenter dream
the paralysed man who can ride a bike
buffalo blues musicians helping homeless veterans
a pair of santas bring christmas cheer to war ravaged raqqa
new hiv vaccine trial to start in south africa
ben smith is running 401 marathons in 401 days all for anti bullying charities stonewall and kidscape
mom call the cops for son ' s birthday party
iran plans to decriminalise drug use
there will be no new coal plants built in the us , and existing ones are coming under pressure from renewables . energy utilities are switching to wind power instead: xcel energy has promised to use 100 percent carbon free electricity by 2050 .
dixie state , national park service team up to offer free outdoor trips to under represented youth
student commended for act of kindness when matched against wrestler with disability
8 year old donates pajamas to foster care kids in swfl
woman diagnosed with breast cancer when she was 9 weeks pregnant . undergoes surgery , then chemotherapy , gives birth to baby boy and beats cancer
you can now top up your istanbul ( bus ) card with recycled plastic bottles
indian railways to source 25% of power needs from renewables by 2025
this teen was auctioning his pig to fight cancer . four bidders in a row had their own plans .
realtor relief foundation donates $50 , 000 for houghton area flood relief
beer mile fundraiser brings in $1 , 000 for local veterans
an entire airport pays nothing for electricity thanks to solar power
indian tech billionaire gives $7 . 5 billion to charity
santa tracker will still run despite government shutdown
a $29 million cryptocurrency donation just funded every project on donorschoose . org
sri lanka is measles free .
tiny leopard cub rescued from certain death in village well
nearly extinct tigers found breeding in thai jungle
how the british army is tackling elephant poaching
history made in hijab: new york fashion week 2016 .
the number of people incarcerated in american prisons has declined again , to 1 . 48 million people , down from 1 . 61 million in 2009 .
paralympians to earn equal payouts as olympians in the usa: usoc to increase operation gold awards for paralympics by as much as 400%
*uplifting update* police officers pay for motel room , help raise $150g for homeless teen who biked six hours to college *uplifting update*
lorde donates $20k to children ' s charity
rescue goat with anxiety calms down in her duck costume
7 million books and counting: one mans fight for literacy among citys at risk kids
lebron james surprises students with $1 million check for new gym
breast cancer survivor shares topless picture after ignorant comment about her appearance
city in georgia apologizes for the 1940 abduction , lynching and murder of teen in jail .
authorities looking for second suspect in church point arson homicide
fda moves to ban electric shocks for disabled patients
mexican immigrant magie cook came to america , started a salsa company , sold for $200m and gave the money to her former orphanage
5 year old saves blind grandmother life by leading her to safety from burning home
judge amber wolf in the news again ! empathetic decision brings inmate to tears
passengers turn flight delay into dance party
bindi irwin wants brother robert to walk her down the aisle: ' that ' s what dad would have wanted '
itas now illegal to eat endangered species in china
7 year old without hands wins handwriting prize
malaysia says it will end death penalty for all crimes
hospital saves dehydrated baby hippo at cincinnati zoo
soldier reunited with the dog she rescued in iraq
neil armstrong: first man on the moon , and its first great geologist
dick ' s sporting goods destroying unsold assault rifles
the 2000 mile journey of a refugee cat to be reunited with his iraqi family in norway
a pilot diverted his aircraft yesterday to ensure 15 irish patients en route to wales for vital cataract procedures would not end up back on the health service waiting list .
scotland breaks renewable record , with enough power to supply 88% of homes
thailand cave rescue: officials confirm rescue operation has begun live | world news | the guardian
pakistan plans to plant 10 billion trees to fight climate change
little girl , 2 , wandered away during the middle of the night . two days later , she was found safe after being protected by the family ' s pitbull , penny .
stolen , abused dog to be reunited with family 2 years later
army doctors grow new ear in soldier ' s arm in ' first of its kind ' procedure: plastic surgeons use the army private ' s own cartilage .
kitten who survived 300 mile journey clung to a car becomes star of military calendar
waitress gives ill customer a kidney
281 chanting south african firefighters land in canada to help battle blazes
nobel peace prize winner pledges to give away entire award to sex crime victims
auckland boy ' s 111 birthday party invite call to police pays off
elementary students honored for rescuing injured skier
students surprise teacher battling cancer by singing under his bedroom window
a sustainable farm in south australia
21 yo air traffic controller sacrifices his life to ensure last flight escapes palu earthquake
this baby otter ended up a mile away from its mom . a team of experts helped them reunite
legendary boxer jack johnson gets pardon , 105 years after baseless conviction
munic smile again one beer for a happy face in munic after amok
death metal music inspires joy not violence . that is the conclusion of macquarie university ' s music lab .
next stop for wounded jblm veteran: a new home built just for him
first syrian refugees in scotland receive a warm welcome
everyone can help reverse climate change here are 100 solutions [ranked]
iranian baby with heart defect admitted to portland hospital
firefighters defend voters from riot police in catalonia referendum
drone crashes into water , capturing stunning footage
u . s president obama establishes world ' s largest marine reserve in hawaii
a bridal shop in portishead , near bristol has been praised for displaying one of its wedding dresses on a mannequin seated in a wheelchair .
jetblue is turning people into gifts and flying them to surprise their loved ones for christmas
the homeless man who turned his life around by offering book reviews instead of begging
5 most uplifting stories this week
your letters helped challenger shuttle engineer shed 30 years of guilt
why finland has the best schools
the sydney beginner ' s floristry class helping refugee and migrant women bloom
seeing eye camel " acts as guide for blind horse at zoo
japanese collector returns ancient artifacts over 1 , 000 years old to cambodia my husband has said before he passed away that those artifacts have to be returned back to cambodia , and today i am happy that i did , takakuwa said .
mom writes heartfelt thanks to ex ' s girlfriend for loving her daughter
ethiopia breaks world record , plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
student returns a 16 year old envelope filled with cash and gets a donut party in return
man whose blood plasma saved over 2 . 4 million babies donates for the last time
michael buble shares good news update on son , noah
concerned about veteran with ptsd , judge orders him to jail and serves the time with him
recreational marijuana could be legal in new jersey by next summer
life expectancy in africa has increased by 9 . 4 years since 2000 , thanks to improvements in child survival , progress in malaria control , and expanded access to hiv/aids drugs ( x post from r/upliftingtrends )
london firefighters tear down a wall to rescue five kittens
bystander expects to record police brutality , ends up helping officer
wwii veteran surprised with hs diploma he ' s wanted for over 70 years
the church of england has called on the government to ban conversion therapy and has condemned the practice , which aims to change sexual orientation , as unethical and potentially harmful
pakistan issues its first gender neutral passport
wwii vet , 93 , travelling 10 , 500 miles to reunite with lost love after 71 years
pope francis changes death penalty teaching , now ' inadmissible '
$165 million donation from 2 tech billionaires will permanently protect over 24 , 000 acres of california coastline
watson gives 1st pay check to texans workers
a boston marathon bombing survivor will marry the firefighter who saved her
third grader born without hands wins national penmanship award
the families that werent meant to live
to leave an impression on future generations 100 famous authors have pledged to write a novel each every year for 100 years , that will remain unpublished until 2114
students spend summer volunteering for local hospital
south korea: 149 dogs freed from meat farms days before they could be killed and turned into soup
a 5 years old boy saves his father having a heart attack by riding his bike in the night to warn his mother kilometers away
rio paralympics 2016: visually impaired runner breaks world record , outruns olympic gold medallist
puppy who was boiled alive and thrown off balcony makes miraculous recovery thanks to kindhearted rescuers
alternative rites of passage to replace inhumane female genital mutilation traditions
garbage boy for a day: ethan ' s wish is granted
apple teams with malala yousafzai to expand girls ' education efforts
bees survive nortre dame fire .
man who was a woman to tie the knot with woman who was a man in mumbai
cia trainee washes out of bomb detection , reassigned to living room
teen brings community together to surprise homeless families with place of their own
a sexist troll attacked sarah silverman . she responded by helping him with his problems .
british museum and google are collaborating on a new project to digitize images of rarely seen mayan artefacts , including hieroglyphs photographed by british explorer alfred maudslay , who led a mayan expedition to central america in the 1880s .
this barber pays kids to read a book out loud during haircuts
this summer , good deeds will earn kids a police ticket for a free slurpee
humpback whale asks kayakers for help after it became tangled in net
woman finds her biological father after a lifelong search . " we were both giggling , we sounded like we were teenagers
chile has so much solar energy its giving it away for free
owner of powerball store giving cut to charity
mgm ceo blasts hate mongers , will match civil rights donations
company on buffalo ' s struggling eastside giving back to the community by developing urban gardens , a training center and athletic facilities
the tragic story behind uplifting message on billboard
small dog saves girl , 11 , from being abducted by man in pasadena , family says
single dad offered dates after daughter ' s fashion advice
a white cop in ga . saved a black infants life , forever changing his own
elephants frolic in pool at oregon zoo
groom with cerebral palsy breaks down into tears at wedding , feared he ' d never date due to disorder .
' you ' re never too old to dream ' : 90 year old graduate ' s message to older australians
china will plow 2 . 5 trillion yuan ( $361 billion ) into renewable power generation by 2020 , the country ' s energy agency said on thursday , as the world ' s largest energy market continues to shift away from dirty coal power towards cleaner fuels .
an royal air force veteran who defended the country during the battle of britain has once again taken to the skies in a spitfire to mark the 100th anniversary of the service , which the queen has called a shining example of inspiration .
india has reduced its ' extremely poor ' population from 250 million to 50 million in 8 years .
5 weeks and counting: dutch church holds worship marathon to protect migrant family
michigan family hears from ' guardian angels ' after sending letter to ' daddy in heaven '
new zealand brings in paid domestic violence leave in world first
experiment with ' lost ' wallets reveals people are surprisingly honest
the number of individuals who do not identify with any organized religion is rapidly growing in the us . new research suggests this may in part be driven by a disconnection between parents and their children , and a failure of religious parents to transmit religion to their children .
these traditional indian parents threw their son a big gay hindu wedding
taco trucks feeding striking teachers: its l . a . what else are you going to bring ?
mom turns her 3 year olds drawings into incredible art
little girl ' s wish of meeting her local garbage man comes true on her birthday when she hands him a homemade cupcake
roger ailes ( former ceo of fox news ) dies after falling down and hitting head in his home in florida .
wal mart greeter paints superhero for scared child in american fork , utah
on this german island , the breakers bring gifts ashore: thousands of toys
two reluctant heroes reflect on the events that changed their lives ' there are no heroic people , but only heroic actions '
amen ! can we all unite to end fgm ? ! !
philippine sectarian bloodshed unites muslims and christians: contrary to islamist militants attempts to cause division , their violence has prompted selfless interfaith compassion .
scottish primary school stops setting homework
nun throws a perfect strike in ceremonial first pitch at mlb game
even the idea of changing the 9 5 schedule is uplifting news to me
$11 . 5m and counting , pearl jams home shows raise money to combat homelessness
abortions in ireland will be free for all women , just months after legalization vote
over 1 , 800 muslim clerics in pakistan issue fatwa against suicide bombings and label them un islamic
family finds long lost dog thanks to pup ' s newfound facebook fame
entire indian state comes together to make way for ambulance carrying a critically ill 2 month old baby
big hearts: abilene veteran looks to help other veterans dealing with ptsd
high school students offer a silent ovation while a classmate with autism receives his diploma
norway used an f 16 fighter jet to save a man ' s life .
1 . 5 million penguins discovered on remote antarctic islands
antarctic krill fishing firms announced a voluntarily permanent stop to majority of their operations . safeguarding the antarctic ecosystem in which we operate is part of who we are .
syrian refugee hands in 150 , 000 he found in donated wardrobe
retired munster bishop: church can bless same sex partnerships
us travel ban inspires " research a thon " at dalhousie university to support canadian council for refugees
u . s . army vet who lost both legs after a roadside bomb exploded in afghanistan accepted into harvard medical school .
leonardo dicaprios earth alliance commits $5 million to amazon fires
delivery driver from red bank feeds homeless twice a month
volunteers from near and far repair vandalized hayfield at last shaker farm in maine
there were 94 dogs up for adoption at the shelter early sunday morning for clear the shelters , part of maxs mission to give shelter dogs a forever home . fifty one dogs were adopted sunday .
woman to marry homeless man she found rifling through bin 40 years ago
a girl named ehlena and a dog named wonder win at u . s . supreme court
could this be the christmas tear jerker of the year ? polish advert touches the hearts of millions
loyal dog refuses to leave hospital where owner died last year
from homeless to healer: perseverance pays off for med student
volunteer firefighters rescue 93 year old , two others from flood
celine dion donates concert proceeds to las vegas shooting victims
team refugee athlete yusra mardini wins her 100m butterfly heat
woman , 93 , gets college degree online with a perfect gpa
receptionist not too happy when wwe wrestler brings homeless people to dinner . what does he do ? he comes back the next time with an even bigger group
' spider man ' scales building to save dangling child; macron offers him citizenship
alex honnold climbed the el capitan , a 900 meters tall wall , in just under four hours without any protective equipment , no ropes , no harnesses . the fearless climber also donates a third of his income every year , $80 , 000
officer buys doctor recommended compression socks for homeless man; hanes donates hundreds of socks for nyc homeless after learning about his kindness
a powerful new battery could give us electric planes that dont pollute
china ' s forest recovery shows hope for mitigating global climate change
food == peace
germany sees 2 . 2% growth in 2017 ( biggest in 6 years ) and record surplus of 38 . 4bn .
seeking more respect , superstar hegerberg out of world cup
even when you ' re trapped in totalitarianism , there are still people out there who know how you feel
marine who lost leg in afghanistan runs boston marathon with u . s . flag
toy ship sails from scotland to scandinavia
texas district votes to fire teacher who tried to report undocumented students to trump on twitter
schoolboy who lost most of his sight aged 4 can see again thanks to some amazing tech
newborn baby jac jones shares a birthday with his dad and his granddad and his uncle
angry users donate $120k to cancer research after brian krebs ' coinhive article
these two 20 year olds were on their way to watch a hockey game and instead ended up saving an 88 year old woman from a house fire .
military wife surprises her fellow officer husband after 8 months in iraq
reddit users on the internet save lullabies of utah mother who died during childbirth
historic india verdict legalised gay sex
despite a failing engine , air france flight cdg to lax makes emergency landing safely in canada .
hundreds joined walnut the dog for his heartbreaking last walk on the beach
students make survival bags for homeless during cold snap
meet this guy who bought google . com for 1 minute
children petition mcdonalds , burger king to do away with plastic toys , and already have 330k signatories !
boys in skirts win the right to wear shorts next year
disabled man turns his love of walking into a source of income .
mystical experiences in psilocybin trial appear to ease alcohol use , cravings
it is now legal to breastfeed in public in all 50 states
tyrone sees color for the first time
city in texas funds program to pay homeless people to clean up the city
a smart place for kid ' s to get smarter .
this man cycled from delhi to sweden to reunite with love of his life ! will melt your heart
somali refugees are helping to fight plastic waste in one of the world ' s biggest camps
awesome , very impressive !
sligo county council grants a 12 year old girl ' s wish by naming a road for her grandfather
survival of the fittest has evolved: try survival of the kindest
hundreds of marijuana possession convictions to be erased by brooklyn da
nra ' s wayne lapierre warns that group may be " shut down forever " thanks to democrats
shenzhen to register only electric vehicles as online ride hailing taxis
elon musk ' s ultra high speed hyperloop will cost just $1 to ride
turns out the man who built the igloo from /r/pics posted earlier today isn ' t actually homeless , just a good samaritan that cleaned up slippery areas around his neighborhood and used the snow/ice to build something cool .
italian teenagers to receive 500 ' cultural bonus ' from government
fourth grader makes fidget toys to pay for classmates hot lunches
professor and research team who helped uncover flint water crisis paid $147 , 000 out of their own funds but said " best investment we could have made into society .
us woman becomes youngest person ever to visit all 196 countries
a team of british special forces is safe thanks to the efforts of a german shepherd trained by the u . s . army . the german shepherd protected the sas team when they were ambushed by isis fighters in iraq last month
pride of australia: how a perth homeless woman saved a mans life
entangled baby whale freed by n . s . rescue team | cbc news
study finds ' huge ' fall in fgm rates among african girls
black men arrested at starbucks settle with philadelphia for $1 each and a city pledge of $200k for young entrepreneurs
akron school board approves plans for lebron jamess i promise school
this dog fell off an 800 foot cliffweeks later , he was found alive
toddler with brain cancer gets uplifting postcards from across the globe
even with one hand paralyzed , this cs:go player continues to kick ass
this father found a brilliant way to reuse leftover crayons
floridian ' street fighter ' player wins major event , immediately pledges to donate all earnings to hurricane irma relief efforts
via rail train stalls in small town near saskatoon , residents hold christmas brunch for stranded passengers
canadian ad campaign lets america know it is still great as reminder because of a demoralizing u . s . election campaign
this 94 year old hands out chocolate bars to strangers . and people love it [long grove , iowa]
the battle to separate safa and marwa , the conjoined twins fused at the head
a dog who went missing for 20 days has been found after she managed to make her way into an raf airfield
mexicans respond to haitians , africans with unusual hospitality
mexico ' s navy as well as volunteers rescued a whale alive
despite massive crowds , there were no arrests during raptors street parties
the " damn daniel " boys are giving their lifetime supply of vans to children in hospital
paralysed mother finds love with personal trainer after husband leaves her while she was in hospital
brettkavanaugh . com is now a resource for sexual assault survivors
canadian resident apparently freed after 11 years in iranian prison
mother of many " ; foster mom cares for 80 children in less than eight years
chicago will give hotel workers panic buttons to prevent sexual assault
red light cameras are now banned in texas
epipen maker moves to lower cost of injector
benedict cumberbatch says hell only take new projects if his female co stars receive equal pay
officer calms girl who is afraid of police during traffic stop
for two veterans , a freedom restored for independence day
car thief flagged down police to surrender the child left in the car he stole .
rhino poacher stomped by elephant and eaten by lions in south african park
tucson helps out man with stage 4 lung cancer , clean yard
how hate and debate came to a connecticut mosque
couple who run repatriation trust ( bringing bodies of loved ones back home ) win 1m through the lottery
get on board . find out how you can help in your surrounding area . plastics in our oceans do affect you . the ocean cleanup has given us a clear and easy choice to actually provide hands on assistance . get motivated and get educated on this , because it is time to take the steps to save your world .
troy is real and it is in turkey ( with the original trojan horse from the movie troy )
mystery donor slips $8 , 000 cash into pasadena humane society &amp; spca collection box
stand together against this bigotry ' : another jewish cemetery vandalized and again muslims reach out to help
newlyweds , both 100+ years old , fell in love at assisted living facility
26 puppies were rescued from a hot van parked outside the walmart supercenter in northern new jersey .
teenager triumphs over homelessness , gets accepted into 17 colleges
birmingham , al ' s first black mcdonald ' s owner started making $5 an hour painting signs for coca cola
she smiles so beautifully " : police officer adopts baby daughter of homeless woman battling drug addiction
meet the angels bullpen coach who doubles as a punk rock star in the offseason
a man was threatening to jump off an overpass . big rigs parked underneath to break his fall
tyler perry buys car for mother of boy born without kidneys
heroic dog saves family from fire
south africans form human chain during flash flood to bring people to safety
rescued pup hailed a hero for saving owner who was dragged by horse and left in the desert
california will get half its energy from renewables by 2020: finally some good news for climate change .
alabama families set record for adopting foster children in 2018
free amazon gift codes
good samaritan pays for teacher ' s supplies in walmart because ' it was the right thing to do '
officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams
subway station destroyed on 9/11 finally ready to reopen
new jersey grandparents raising 3 kids after daughter ' s death claim $1 million lotto ticket
golden state warriors star stephen curry has raised $45 , 201 for victims of the oakland warehouse fire by auctioning off two pairs of sneakers .
how buddhist meditation kept the thai boys calm in the cave
new app lets dog lovers swipe right for perfect pet match
man with down syndrome loses prized movie collection in fire , strangers donate more than one thousand films to help him regain collection .
couple gives 1000 liters of water to people stucked in traffic due to fire nearby . . . for free !
black lives matter crash wedding of cop who fatally shot stephon clark
ethiopia eritrea border reopens , 20 years after war and bad blood
nurse ' s aide brightens a patient ' s stay
after fan video goes viral online , rays invite family to a night at the ballpark
two nuns met at a mission , fell in love , ditched the church and married each other .
[podcast interview] nighttime radio host delilah talks about touching the lives of neighbors and friends .
american tourist gives nazi salute in germany , is beaten up
stephen colbert shocks south carolina schools by funding every single teacher requested grant
panda no longer endangered iconic species is one step further away from extinction
we couldnt live without zero but we once had to
philippine cafe uses coconut leaves as straws
bill o ' reilly is forced out at fox news
the stolen van with dogs has been found !
humans may have accidentally created a radiation shield around earth
pet ashes found at thrift store will be returned to owner
fill in school bus driver builds girl a wheelchair ramp after seeing mom struggle
waterloo man pushing for chance at normal life
california man saves dog from house fire
chile has created a new law protecting the waters along its 6 , 400km ( 4 , 000 mile ) coastline .
remember the boy who donated comics to veterans and deployed troops ? he did it again in a very big way !
bill gates is backing a waterless toilet
spanish town using art to tackle mental health stigmas
the police in indonesia are known for their corruption . but one officer has become a national hero for choosing to make money by collecting trash rather than accepting bribes . " i know , there are those who mock me . in that case id say to them , ' i can be like you ( corrupt ) , but can you be like me ?
toys r us yesterday opened its uk stores for a quiet hour designed to accommodate the needs of children with autism . measures included dimmed fluorescent lighting and a ban on music and in store announcements . [x post from /r/worldnews]
5 year old minnesota girl with terminal illness defying odds , checks off bucket list
the making of a beggar he traveled to belgium on the pretext of starting a new job as a seasonal fruit picker , but instead , ended up sleeping on the sidewalks of brussels for more than two months . . . positive ending ahead .
a group of mums got together and campaigned for a new park then their kids designed it
target employees stick up for breastfeeding mom when man begins to berate her
virginia water park provides judgment free event for families of children with autism
patton oswalt responds to angry tweeter by helping him raise $28k for medical bills
utah scientists cure pancreatic cancer in mice; findings could lead to treatment for humans
montana wildfire relief fund surges past $100 , 000 in donations
a 71 year old woman and her dog was rescued after six nights in the wilderness of the olympic national park after becoming lost
britain will ban the sale of ivory items regardless of their age in an effort to restrict the illegal ivory trade , tackle poaching and help protect elephants , the government said on tuesday .
award winning matador dies after being gored in bullfight
dramatic moment lorry driver stops out of control van after driver fell unconscious
this trio of eagles 1 female and 2 males are raising a family together
penguins find camera on ice during antarctic expedition , ' take selfie ' : some curious emperor penguins have been candidly captured in antarctica getting up close and personal with an expeditioner ' s camera .
google starting to prompt users with a quiz if it thinks theyre depressed
join the geospatial/geoblockchain revolution create open data on plastic pollution and earn littercoin by mapping litter anywhere @ openlittermap . com
century old congolese refugee finds ' miracles ' like washing machines in buffalo
2 year old girl defends choice of doll to cashier: " she ' s a doctor like i ' m a doctor
patton oswalt gets trolled on twitter , proceeds to help troll with his medical bills and change his life
five anti muslim protesters and 400 peace supporters meet at new york rally
army awards medals to students killed in shooting
104 year old woman has wish to be arrested come true !
swift water team saves horse in cumberland county
sniper takes out isis executioner from a mile away
' we are all jews ' : israel honors us soldier who stared down nazi 70 years ago
an activist faced 20 years in prison for helping migrants . but jurors wouldnt convict him .
this cleaner was mocked for staring at the ornaments of a jewelry shop this infuriated a lot of people including a businessman who located him and gifted him with ornaments and a lot of cash latter he was followed by many more people and companies .
i couldnt sit there and watch: good samaritans save chp officer from brutal beating in fairfield; suspect arrested
inmate saves baby from locked suv using his car theft skills
there ' s a proposal for a nobel peace prize that could change the world . you can endorse it &amp; you may know someone who can formally nominate .
oskar blues halts beer production in longmont to can water to send to houston
europe agrees to ban all bee harming pesticides
5 year old boy lives out cowboy dream after incurable brain tumor diagnosis .
meet the blind groundhopper who has visited 1 , 640 non league football grounds
these kids show what sportsmanship really looks like
peruvian farmer wins david and goliath battle against us mining giant
on the west coast of florida , a service dog training facility changes lives and enchants visitors
an infant did not have any hospital visitors for five months . so this nurse adopted her .
authorities make arrest in fetish themed child predator sex ring
high energy basketball court cleaner becomes a social media star in china
being a pet taxi driver is a walk in the park for catherine case
woman given good behaviour bond after stealing neighbour ' s dog to care for it
foreman brings joy to children at memorial hospital by hiding a where ' s waldo cut out around his construction site
a 13 year old runs his own bakery and matches every sale with a donation to the homeless
firefighters , officers sub for teachers attending funeral
inhumane designer pet breeding to be outlawed
rescued dog still doing well
cancelled $30k wedding becomes dinner for homeless
how do you save a million people from a cyclone ? ask a poor state in india
australian scientists developed vitamin enriched bananas to save african children from deficiency
the herbfarm and dreadnought brewing introduce a beer to benefit wounded wildfire fighters
12 year old saved from brooklyn subway tracks by hero mta conductor
purse returned to woman 65 years after it was lost
rhino swept from nepal to india by flooding rescued bbc news
historic violin lent by oxford university to syrian refugee
will the us regulate facebook ? europe is about to do just that
the nonprofit baking memories 4 kids is sending safyre terry to the disney theme parks in florida in march , and more than $400 , 000 has been donated through a crowdfunding website .
teenage girls help tackle homelessness in california by inventing solar powered tent
canada now has psilocybin dispensaries .
proposed to my high school sweet heart and she said . . . . . . . . yes ! ! ! !
us unemployment rate falls to 3 . 8%
its the most wonderful feeling to do something life changing for another person remarkable woman donates kidney to stranger
fred the labrador adopted nine fluffy ducklings and it ' s the cutest thing ever
indian government agency hires openly transgender persons
florida man cleans hundreds of gravestones to honor veterans
north dakota quietly decriminalized marijuana
cloudfisher: low tech net turns fog into drinking water for morocco
student run medical clinic for homeless needs supplies
canadian leader meets a tiny namesake
marcus lemonis ( american businessman ) donates front row world series tickets to 97 year old wwii vet
barista learns sign language for customer
an anonymous donor gave everyone in church $100 and 100 good deeds were the result
happy ending for pistachio , the dog with cancer
somalia ' s prime minister joins the fight to ban female genital mutilation
ohio state professor rescues lost kitten during cycling fundraising event
new law makes sure our canine military veterans retire in the u . s .
mother coupons to help hurricane victims .
australian hero dr richard harris who saved 12 thai cave boys while grieving fathers death
this woman is writing letters to hundreds if woman battling breast cancer .
the story of a stolen bike and a winona cop with a big , big heart
first baby in the u . s . born from transplanted womb of dead donor
obama says population of homeless veterans cut in half
torrance teens become heroes during kern river camping trip
hairstylist helps teen with depression feel like herself again
candidates targeted in racist ' make edison great again ' mailers win election
white house photographer reveals favourite day with barack obama
bulgarians hope che guevara and brigitte bardot can save their village
man has an ongoing effort to mail out free tennis balls all over the world to people who promise to use them to play with their dogs .
cholesterol levels in kids are down , despite obesity , thanks in part to elimination of trans fats in snacks and other foods
' columbus day ' to become ' indigenous peoples ' day ' in maine with governor ' s signature
man rescues sherpa on mt . everest .
north carolina bill would add convicted animal abusers to an online registry , like sex offenders
dr siew tuck wah on breaking the poverty cycle and saving singapore ' s street dogs
whales and dolphins can no longer be bred or kept in captivity under new legislation that passed the house of commons monday . for the first time , canadians can be found guilty for possession of marine mammals not just for poor treatment .
student captures what happens when people are told they are beautiful
meet the five friends who have attended every superbowl
by veterans , for veterans: inventor building solar charged wheelchairs in richland
beehive fences in africa provide a easy , low cost way for farmers to ward off elephants without harming them . as an added benefit , the honey the ' guard bees ' provide is a valuable and edible resource that can diversify their farm beyond its usual crops .
orange flamingos take over new hampshire town for 12 year old girl with leukemia
university of findlay researchers discover new drug to treat brain cancer
man donates pools to children in need after photo showed kids swimming in truck bed .
this man gives the homeless free haircuts so someone gave him a barbershop
new bill in arkansas aims to promote gender equality by allowing fathers to more easily gain custody of their child .
gates foundation announces plans to address poverty in the us
india is introducing free health care for 500 million of the country ' s poorest people
94 year old earns her bachelor ' s degree online with a perfect 4 . 0 gpa
couple to wed after losing nearly 600 pounds together
france offers citizenship to malian immigrant who scaled building to save child
researcher develops wheat variety safe for people with celiac disease
lady was so happy at winning a fundraising raffle for st john she donated a further $180 , 000 to buy a new ambulance which then ended up taking her to hospital 3 months later .
ikea donates doll beds for cats at animal shelter
the us is making a big shift away from factory farming
hero kids who saved suicidal man from jumping off bridge set for honours
woman , dog rescued from rough surf in atlantic city
the street dog save her puppies in chennai flood
cambodian girl escapes life of poverty to land scholarship at university of melbourne
long island village police save woman from committing suicide on facebook live
public raises $25 , 000 in just 3 days to fly terminally ill father in bali hospital home
milestone ! 10% of india ' s total electricity output now comes from renewable power
adorable slot " smiles " in the face of danger stuck in the middle of an ecuadorean highway
u haul offering 30 days of free storage for those in path of hurricane florence
lemonade stand nets more than $1 , 600 for children ' s hospital
a rhino in san diego is pregnantand could help save the subspecies
mom skips her own graduation , son ' s school surprises her at his ceremony
kansas state freshman who won a 3 point contest donates prize of year ' s worth of qdoba to local emergency shelter
honolulu to settle suit from lesbians jailed after kissing
hero comes forward after saving boy who had heart attack at sterling heights restaurant
hundreds of penn state students raise more than $10m for pediatric cancer patients in annual 46 hour dance marathon known as thon
germany has opened a shelter for over 120 homosexual refugees in berlin
florida police officer saves little girl locked in hot vehicle for 12 hours
police break up huge ' modern day slavery ' ring in uk
b . c . legislation to halt logging in much of great bear rainforest
nicu nurse makes costumes for tiny preemies
hundreds welcome 3rd grader back to school after fight with cancer
goldfish gets $500 life saving surgery
anybody else listening to the ' uplifting news ' live podcast on the castbox app ? ! he goes live m f at 730am est !
north and south korean gymnasts pose for olympic selfie bbc news
northern ireland: ' historic day ' as abortion ban lifted and equal marriage made law
moving , funny facebook letter from young mom who died of cancer
' it ' s the first day of living the rest of my life without hiding behind a mask ' artist ( 27 ) diagnosed with autism last month
incredible video shows young girl rescued after syrian airstrike
california has reached its 2020 emissions goals early and emissions levels are now at the same level as in the 1990s .
an elderly florida woman gets evicted from her home after 35 years neighbors buy the house back .
he wanted to make his wolf dog feel at home so this man took him on a wilderness journey
smashed windows to handshakes " violence in charlotte subsided thursday night as some protesters and police shook hands and exchanged hugs .
odisha becomes first indian state to give pension and food benefits to transgenders
' christmas miracle: ' lost arden dog reunited with family on christmas eve , 19 days after going missing
harvey storm chaser reunites lost dog with owners ( xpost r/pupliftingnews )
the treatment of typhoid
radio host ( iain lee ) keeps suicidal caller on the line for half an hour until ambulance arrives
in morocco ' s hills , tourist dollars could keep argan oil flowing
monsanto ' s weedkiller roundup banned in france after court ruling
rescue deaf pit bull named blue , trained with special sign language for dogs , now able to be adopted thanks to local aspca nypost [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
employees have walked off the job at the sonic restaurant at the 1415 south court street location with the doors are locked and lights out . a handwritten note on the door says , that the new owners are treating them bad and they have closed down the restaurant .
100 year old man throws $13 , 000 party for the less fortunate
a texas police officer responded to a noise complaint; ends up riding mechanical bull
plankton are more resilient to nutrient stress than previously thought
12 amazing random acts of kindness that will warm your heart
israeli forces kill 15 year old palestinian , wound scores | news
high schooler heads to top science competiton , wants to teach ' the beauty of math and science '
big sean raises $100 , 000 to fight flint water crisis
two teen sisters committed to banning plastic bags in bali
8 year old saves pocket money for a year to buy christmas presents for sick children
the man who rescued a woman and her dog from louisiana floods last year awarded silver lifesaving medal from us coast guard
breaking: a federal judge just issued a stay against donald trump ' s " muslim ban
not ' news ' but something i recently became aware of: the grand army of the republic building one of the most iconic and beautiful buildings in detroit has been renovated and is occupied after years of neglect !
repairman fixes family ' s furnace for free after learning husband is deployed
something magical happened when my autistic 10 year old started listening to eminem
virtual reality brings back childhood memories
most afghans cant read , but their book trade is booming
' world ' s oldest ' 48 feet long buddha statue unearthed in haripur district pakistan dawn . com
mom makes unbelievable half court shot to win school tuition for daughter
8 month old baby survives fire . firefighters found family dog shielding baby from the fire .
jim kelly , nfl hall of fame quarterback , has beaten cancer for the second time .
more than 550 animals seized from northeast las vegas home
at neptune home depot , inspiration in aisle 16
harry potter author j . k . rowling is one of the first to fall off of forbes billionaire list because of charitable giving
black churches destroyed by arson see spike in donations after notre dame fire
hidden figures no more: female nasa staff to be immortalised in lego set of five scientists , engineers and astronauts including katherine johnson wins lego ideas contest and will go into production
nasa successfully tests its martian ' kilopower ' nuclear reactor
mother dog , 4 puppies saved amid michigan snowstorm
woman sets a " ask a muslim " stand
blind grocery shoppers access ' second set of eyes ' through app at wegmans
lost lion population found in ethiopia
a north florida mailman spends his sundays cleaning veterans ' headstones at rundown cemeteries
the inside story of one man ' s mission to give americans unconditional free money
after her years of research , a cambridge scientist could be on the verge of curing multiple sclerosis
n . y . woman turning 101 years old wants 101 birthday cards | 6abc . com
norfolk family reunited with their dog that they say was stolen
high school teams react to controversial post about native american basketball with solidarity
hospital transports icu patient to attend his high school graduation
86 year old grandma meets her 86th great grandchild
gorillas make up " little food songs " while they eat
an anti trump disabled boy was booed at a rally . the next day , he got to meet president obama .
new yorkers in poll want mandated vaccines , regardless of family religious beliefs
police officer who saves choking baby accepts offer to be her godfather
lebron gives his game shoes to a special needs fan
101 year old competes in michigan senior olympics , completes 100 meter dash
flossing might not actually have any proven medical benefits
for a little girl born without a jaw , doctors give lexi a chance at a more normal life by creating a new one from rib bones which will eventually grow back
how heavy does our galaxy milky way weighs ? nasa finds using hubble and gaia
woman wakes up from 7 year coma and meets her daughter for the first time .
as more americans rely on charity to pay medical bills , local seattle news station buys and forgives $1 million of debt
kay harvey with terminal condition holds helston music festival for royal cornwall hospital and british heart foundation
tennessee barber gives discounted cuts to kids who read in his chair
urban ranger corps students spend summer break helping homeless veterans
cat lost during hurricane reunited with owner 14 years later
kenya ' s rape survivors win right to abortion in landmark court ruling
one businessman is fighting the burkini ban by paying for any woman fined for wearing one
doomsday prepper donates $100 and enough food to feed an entire town for 3 months to hurricane maria victims
judge orders johnson &amp; johnson to pay oklahoma $572 million for fueling opioid crisis
sakai , fukui prefecture a kind hearted restaurant worker became the savior of hungry drivers stranded in snow here on feb . 7 when he opened the outlets kitchen especially to cook around 500 meals and dish them out for free .
brevard deputy who saved jet skiers , saves woman from choking
eli lilly introduces generic insulin at half the price of humalog
our rights !
drunk man confronts former mma fighter outside a walmart , and is treated with dignity and respect
eye operation allows woman to see her grandchildren for the first time in 10 years
arson survivor safyre terry donates 5 , 000 stuffed animals
ga police officer brightens woman ' s day with serenade
booboo the cat , missing from california since 2013 found 4 , 000 kilometres away in ontario , canada .
five years after receiving a full face transplant , this hero breaks his silence
genetically engineered crops ( gmos ) are completely safe , after numerous , comprehensive studies have ruled that there is no effect on human health or the environment
cat brothers amazingly reunited when their owners fell in love on tinder
india : dog walks 600 kms with pilgrim to keep him company
tattoo artist gives free tattoos to cover the scars of domestic violence and self harm survivors .
the dog who grew a new face kalus astounding recovery ( warning: graphic )
nobel peace prize winner malala yousafzai ' so excited ' as she gains place at oxford
delhi government schools to teach happiness lessons
shark fin soup now illegal in nevada
yazidi boy reunited with family after being rescued from is
here ' s how one little girl ' s tears are inspiring others
last student admitted to each medical college of virginia entering class receives an endowed scholarship
she was the only woman in this photo of 38 scientists . 47 years later , shes been identified . the mystery began with a photo of 38 eminent scientists , and a question: why did the caption name all the men , but not the young black woman ?
homeless to $115k salary: tech worker who lived in sf shelter creates app for homeless , lands job
seven year old raffles off christian pulisic jersey to benefit puerto rico pulisic responds with another jersey and a donation
the bad grade that changed the us constitution
california bill aims to limit genitalia surgery on intersex children
china approves 22 . 8 gigawatts of solar pv for 2019 subsidies
legal love actually: irish judge excuses man ( 54 ) from jury duty after he reveals he ' s in love for the ' first time '
anne frank film shot during 2014 israel gaza conflict secretly screened in iran
til that there are more museums in the us than mcdonalds and starbucks combined
the only three passengers on ba flight enjoy champagne and selfies !
aspirin may prevent cancer from spreading , new research shows
afghan boy is to be deported by german police out of his class room . dozens of student try to block the police from taking away their fellow class mate
prison animal programs are benefitting both inmates and hard to adopt dogs in florida , experts say
blind d day veteran is given set of identical replacement medals at a special ceremony in london after he lost the original pair on his way home from a trip to visit the normandy beaches .
black men arrested at starbucks settle with philadelphia for $1 each
a stranger drove a national guard sergeant 8 hours so he could make it home for his son ' s birth
dog reunited with owner after 8 days in rubble of home destroyed by rain in japan
jimmy carter is now the longest living president in history
blind ugandan beekeeper wins $25 , 000 entrepreneurship prize
a small woodworking shop in kansas only hires those down on their luck , focusing on helping the homeless , former felons , recovering addicts , etc . , return to the mainstream workforce , the owner says , we aim to give every person we can a fighting chance to get back into a good life .
7 examples of people being heroes in the manchester bombing
bnsf holiday express honors military families
one man ' s mission to shine a light on the triumphs of ordinary papua new guineans
to help alzheimers patients , a care center re creates the 1950s
brpd thanks 56 year old woman for saving officer during attack
students sleep outdoors to raise funds for homeless youth
south african rhino deaths by poaching is down by 100 in 2016
dog trapped in apartment fire reunited with his owner hours later
venezuela helicopter crash survivors found after six days in amazon jungle
restaurant owner donates 100% of proceeds to help immigrants
eu plans to give free interrail pass to every 18 year old in europe on their birthday
indian clerk funds school fees of 45 underprivileged girls in daughters memory .
hero dog sniffs out litter of abandoned puppies during woodland walk
australian teens ignore anti vaxxer parents by getting secret vaccinations
' standing on guard: ' hundreds circle halifax mosque to support muslim faith in wake of quebec attack
( x post from r/pics ) a middle school started a breakfast with dads program but many dads couldnt make it and several students didn ' t have father figures . the school posted a facebook request for 50 volunteer fathers . . . 600 fathers from all backgrounds showed up
' extinct ' galapagos tortoise found after 100 years .
google will match up to $1m in donations for hurricane florence relief
19 canadian restaurant chains are ditching plastic straws
3 year old cancer survivor is flower girl at her bone marrow donor ' s wedding
three orangutans rescued by animal conservation agency in indonesia
both sad and uplifting .
the killers: mr brightside sing a long at county kerry wake goes viral
man with down syndrome founds sock company with dad , earns 1 . 7 million their first year
breastfeeding police officer saves abandoned newborns life
zuckerberg wants to cure all diseases by this century
a food basics store was left unlocked in ontario and customers still shopped and paid for all their items
people are starting to wake up .
wedding officiant breaks leg breaks leg at rehearsal dinner , ordained city bbq caterer steps in and marries couple
taiwan to ban single use plastic drinking straws , plastic bags , disposable utensils entirely by 2030
african rats trained to rescue smuggled mammal cousin , the pangolins
hero dog saves owner with broken neck who laid in snowbank for 19 hours
her hospital room was in full view of a frat house . . . then this happened
saudi arabia is ending a 35 year ban on movie theaters with a screening of " black panther .
gender equality champion buddhist monk awarded by queen elizabeth .
a 7 year old girl asked google for a job and got a personal response from ceo sundar pichai
pensioner , 70 , takes framed photo of his late wife to look at the view every day
he smokes , he drinks , he enjoys life: america ' s oldest man turns 112
nigerian bread seller accidentally photobombs pop star ' s photoshoot , ends up with a modeling contract
cardinals rookie using his nfl money to pay off his sisters student loans
man captures hero cop who used himself as a human shield as dallas gunman fired
gorgeous , majestic white giraffes spotted on video for the first time .
cheyenne mountain zoo helps dobby the baby giraffe
girl who fueled opposition to splitting families joins mom
maine ' s affordable housing includes passive ( aka self heating ) features , inspired by the past
taxi therapy for young cancer patients in italy
cops: school attack plot foiled by grandmother ' s tip about student ' s disturbing writings
at japans suicide cliffs , he ' s walked more than 600 people back from the edge
denver says no to renewing largest private prison contracts
researchers say they ' re closer to finding cure for hiv after using crispr technology to eliminate disease in live mice for the first time
students make music with help of 3d prosthetics
' stranger things ' stars cheer up kid after classmates fail to attend birthday party
firefighter held hand of woman trapped under collapsed building during rescue
strangers form human chain to pull driver from burning wreckage
wild tigers to reappear in kazakhstan after 70 years
some wholesome , mostly nonpartisan niceness . :^3
western australian police stations to fly aboriginal flag in reconciliation move | australia news
a new jersey man started out as a custodian . this school year is his first as assistant principal
stray kitten wanders into firehouse , gets uniform , becomes internet star
baby born 10 weeks early and lighter than a can of soda , hailed as one of the smallest babies ever survive goes home as doctors are amazed she lived
russia gives france puppy to replace police dog killed in paris attacks raid
volunteer fire department saves dog from a burning garage !
let ' s make our planet great again !
he shoots he scores !
miss missouri ' excited ' to be first openly gay miss america contestant
man claims he ' s found missing flight mh370 on google earth after poring over images for four years
the japanese man who saved 6 , 000 jews with his handwriting
theif accidentally saves dog stuck in hot car during break in
girl left brain dead after michigan shooting shows signs of life right before her organs were about to he harvested
a police officer rescued a couple from this burning home . he went back in for the dog .
story of a youth from kashmir who became a cricket star after losing both arms in childhood
homeless can eat for free at this american muslims resturant
this finnish guy gets a $600 per month ' basic income ' for doing absolutely nothing
the martian skies are finally clearing after a global dust storm shrouded the red planet for the past two months . now , scientists are working to reboot the mars opportunity rover , which has already roamed the planet for over 5 , 000 days despite being slated for only a 90 day mission .
farming lives !
police called on 12 yr old boy for mowing grass . now his business is booming .
strangers buy car for 20 year old texas man who walks 3 miles to work every day cbs news
world ' s first restaurant with only hiv positive chefs opens to ' break bread , smash stigma '
video teens made in niagara falls to promote safe sex
delightful kauai wedding packages for every couple
iraqi christian girl freed from islamic state says ' mum , dad ' again
californians now allowed to break into cars to save pets from extensive heat
federal judge ends north carolina ban on abortions after 20 weeks
science proves that cats are even more awesome than we thought
waffle house hero , honored by lawmakers , raises thousands for victims ' families
released from prison by obama , now on the dean ' s list
watch this baby ' s adorable reaction to seeing clearly for the first time
spitfire the whippet can jump 31 feet and is the worlds most athletic dog
scientists have found " supercorals " in hawaiis kaneohe bay , where a reef is thriving despite development , dredging , sewage and high temperatures . in the lab , the corals also withstood simulated climate change , including rising acidity and temps . the find could offer hope for the future of corals .
olympic swimmer thanks stranger for spotting his dangerous mole
photographer honors fallen tecumseh officer with portrait shoots
a disabled dog named ping pong has become the pride of his village in north east thailand , after rescuing a baby boy who had been buried alive by his teenage mother .
saudi arabia approves teaching of yoga as sports activity
nine year old raises $14k with lemonade stand for disabled kids
the alohilani resort waikiki beach celebrates its grand opening this evening with a pledge to plant 100 , 000 native trees on oahu and the big island in partnership with the non profit hawaiian legacy reforestation initiative .
bullied teen shows up to prom accompanied by 100 bikers
he slept in homeless shelters as a kid . now he ' s going to harvard on a full ride
dallas officer donates hundreds of shoes to kids
' enough is enough ' : 50 bikers escort bullied boy to first day of middle school
all eyes on hurricane michael
forensics expert invents way to catch paedophiles using a photo of their hand
californias youngest mayor wants to reinvent stockton
' soup and socks ' drive aims to help the native american community
ashton kutcher funding ' all the classroom projects in the state of iowa '
holland has reduced the amount of plastic bags used by more than 70% since a 2016 law that banned all retailers and restaurants from giving them for free .
when the darwin correctional centre opened in 2014 , 30 kilometres from the city centre , the salvation army stepped in to help prisoners ' family and friends visit , creating a rare good news story about life on the inside .
minden , germany are hailing a syrian refugee who come to germany to start a new life " hero of the year " are he found 150 , 000 in furniture he ' d been given from charity , promptly handed it all in to police .
canadian man battling schizophrenia missing since 2012 believed to have walked from ontario to brazil . found wandering the rainforest 5 years after he disappeared .
african rats trained to rescue smuggled mammal cousin , the pangolins buzz hourly
two men cleared after 42 years for murder they didn ' t commit
small comic store raises money for make a wish every year by giving away valuable comics .
this 62 year old indian woman has adopted more than 400 stray dogs off the streets in new delhi . she does this while making ends meet as a rag picker . her mission was inspired after a dog saved her life years ago .
a new form of rugged , flexible ' wheelchair ' allows disabled folks better access to hiking trails
kid rock pays off layaways after parade debacle
unlikely role model fulfills a make a wish dream for young child with cancer
woman wakes up from vegetative state after 28 years
amazon tv ad features muslim imam and christian priest exchanging gifts . . . the imam and priest are friends in real life too !
my friend ran the london marathon and ended up with a broken leg . she managed to get to the finish line with help from other runners and st john ambulance raising just over 4000 for children with cancer uk . she ' s sat at home in pain . show her some love !
puppy thrown from moving van on utah freeway saved by witness
notes of support pour in for 2 who started california blaze
moscow firefighters revive cat after a house fire
how tattoo therapy might treat chronic disease
overwhelmed by tides of waste and decades of mass tourism , to some , the indonesian island of bali is a paradise long lost . this weekend , however , thousands of people will join in an effort to rid its coastline , rivers and jungles of rubbish and restore its natural beauty .
sad papaw to host cookout in oklahoma , announces open invitation to everyone
student had to bring his baby daughter to class so his professor watched her so he could pay attention
man responds to facebook plea for lost wedding ring
4 year old girl befriends elderly widower , gives him a reason to smile again
girl does not realize shes sitting next to the guy whose music shes listening to , and it escalates hilariously
stephen curry is a wholesome guy . assists fan for a $5000 win .
blind dogs get second chance with ' halo ' device
this generous and kind hearted woman helped a distraught father .
this innovator is trying to make sanitary pads affordable for women in india: breaking a strict taboo in india ' s tradition bound society , arunachalam murugananthan worked to perfect an affordable sanitary pad in hope of starting a movement to help women in the developing world .
flash mob brings money to mom battling cancer
truly uplifting
bill gates casually chats with people on reddit when he isn ' t saving the world
son of texas
vancouver african food company pays mali women directly for their crops
' miracle ' as blind woman sees again after 21 years because of unrelated spine surgery
dads reaction to his baby getting shots is priceless
india just got strongest regulations on net neutrality in the world
access pipeline prevented from going forward .
police dog dropout won hearts at government house instead
wife refused to pull the plug on her husband . . . 3 years later , he woke up and said 2 words
costa rica unveils plan to achieve zero emissions by 2050 in climate change fight
one man in pittsburgh proves that kindness fuels humanity
stranger helps mother with her crying baby on plane
i feel faint . . . send help ! gainesville hot cops steam up facebook after irma .
legos were used to make a wheelchair for an injured turtle
south korea closes biggest dog slaughterhouse complex
firefighters go above and beyond when responding to house for smoke alarm check
14 year old autistic boy has created a remarkable cartoon character and skits called ' the adventures of the wonder brother ' that ' ll leave you impressed . request for help in making his birthday wish come true .
world ' s cutest preschool teaches baby orangutans how to live in the wild
this cheaper battery will boost energy storage and electricity in developing countries
born together , serving separately: quadruplets each sign up for military service
etihad pilot stops take off to let couple say goodbye to dying grandson
north carolina couple of 59 years dies holding hands: ' when we get to heaven , we can walk in together '
turns out robots and automation won ' t kill jobs
morgan freeman converted his 124 acre ranch into a giant honeybee sanctuary to save the bees
jacksonville animal rescue group goes to save animals in hurricane michael ' s path
childhood cancer survivor returns to atlanta hospital as nurse more than 20 years later
defense secretary ash carter will order the military to open all combat jobs to women ,
state experiments with court advocates for abused animals
google is giving away 100 , 000 home mini speakers to paralysed people
london gay choir sings tribute to orlando shooting victims
how a darwin retiree turned the devastating loss of his family into christmas lunches for the needy
no musical background . age 94 . and he wanted to join a high school band ? chad davies , band director at oregon ' s wilsonville high , thought the cymbals would be the perfect instrument .
renewable energy smashes global records in 2015 , report shows . last year saw record worldwide investment and implementation of clean energy such as wind , solar and hydropower
road network for insects could be created across britain to protect bees , butterflies and moths under the protection of pollinators bill councils , landowners and the public , will be encouraged to cultivate wildflower corridors so that insects can spread freely throughout the country .
how cutting edge technology is helping premature babies succeed
woman who appeared on hgtv finds out she has cancer after a doctor watching spots a lump on her throat
22 year old runner from mexico wins 50km race wearing only sandals
alabama man teaches young men the importance of giving backone lawn at a time
pet heroics: rescue cat saves baby ' s life , finds forever home
rescuer vowed to pull women from submerged car or die trying
oklahoma fire department receives donated tanker truck to battle wildfires
hundreds welcome 3rd grader back to school after fight with cancer
new yorkers unite to scrub hateful graffiti from subway
angry iranians surround morality police van , free ' hijab ' detainees
this girls insistence to dress up as aviation pioneer bessie coleman led her to meet her idol ' s great niece
gun shop owner refuses to sell gun to eligible customer , possibly prevents mass shooting
muslim and sikh taxi drivers offered free lifts to people affected by manchester terror attack as community comes together
in new jersey , the minimum wage is set to rise to $15 an hour
airbnb offers free housing for hurricane harvey evacuees
comic book artist saved by wyrd games , family , and friends .
end of the 52 year old conflict between colombia and the farc begins a new day where there is no war in the western hemisphere
marital rape no longer allowed and suicide , homosexuality decriminalised at nauru
marketers are donating their time &amp; knowledge to help organizations that are committed to doing good
nasa is designing the first electric airliner which will produce no greenhouse gas emissions
woodley cat reunited with owner after being stuck up a tree for two days
norwegian town honors beloved street sweeper with a statue
animal shelters across u . s . teach cats how to high five to make them more attractive for adoption
mom saved by four year old ' s phone call
thanks to this afghan woman , 6 , 000 imams have taken gender sensitivity training
bearded wildland firefighter models for a pinup calendar to raise money for a charity that provides books to soothe children during traumatic crises .
5 years after struggling to get acceptance signed by dad , woman graduates from u . s . naval academy
former prisoner launches wooden sunglasses and watch brand with a message !
over 6 , 000 organ recipients headed to the us transplant games in cleveland .
father cheers on man running 10k race with son ' s donated heart
pope stubs out cigarettes sales in vatican: " the holy father has decided that the vatican will cease to sell cigarettes to employees as of 2018 , " the vatican said in a statement . " the reason is very simple: the holy see cannot contribute to an activity that clearly damages the health of people .
north korea: un gains ' unprecedented access ' during visit the head of the un ' s world food programme ( wfp ) believes there is a " sense of optimism " among north korea ' s leaders after enjoying what he said was unprecedented access to the country .
starbucks announces global greener stores commitment
boy , 12 , sells hot chocolate to support housing for veterans
wonderful tattoo artists helped to cover my scars from 7 years of self harm and now i ' m confident in moving forward with my life . ( this is me in the article )
when a woman ' s car broke down , these teens pushed it five miles to her home
lady gaga plans to fund more than 160 classroom projects in el paso , dayton and gilroy
florida woman discovers love story behind message in a bottle
democrats have taken control of the us house of representatives
the number of arizonans who believe climate change is a serious problem has grown sharply in the past three years , according to an annual survey of western state voters opinions on environmental issues .
dunkin donuts to eliminate foam cups worldwide in 2020
dublin student reunited with laptop containing phd notes on therapies for multiple sclerosis , following jk rowling search campaign
bjj purple belt and marine veteran retains fighting spirit after losing everything in house explosion
an australian police officer has saved christmas for a young boy after reuniting him with his lost present
nfl legend makes his community better by overcoming adversity through faith , hard work , and love . this is what is possible when we are united by faith and love , not divided by hate and ignorance .
man works shift to raise money for elderly couple
tesla solar roof is priced at $21 . 85 per square foot , which is nearly 20 percent less than the cost of a traditional roof even without factoring in the energy savings .
back to the sea: volunteers help turtle find its way home
a cardiac nurse couldn ' t afford a pacemaker for her dog , so she started a program to donate used ones to pets
former criminal spends $1000 received from lawsuit to feed the homeless .
woman sets up coat exchange to help freezing homeless
' a good day ' : new zealand adds area half the size of auckland to national park environmentalists stoked by expansion they say will protect blue duck , native kaka bird , bats and giant land snails
rays ' pride night raises more than $300k for pulse victims fund
this bouncer helped people fleeing the dayton shooter to escape
cher donates 180 , 000 bottles of water to flint , michigan during water crisis
officer proclaimed hero after dog rescue
russia to release 100 illegally captured whales
best job ever ? this uk cafe is hiring a cat nanny telegraph
this barista learnt something new to help customer have same experience as everyone else
bus driver buys homeless rider dinner , lets him stay on warm bus all night
scientists just broke a fusion world record and it lifts the bar for clean energy potential
after fire , restaurant owner will still pay employees if they volunteer at least 12 hours at local nonprofits .
fire crews rescue iguana from eastern oregon house fire
video: utah mom fosters neglected pit bull , gets a huge surprise
organ donor saves one woman ' s life with a new heart
woman who lost her leg in a hit and run refuses to let being an amputee hold her back from surfing
good guy boss of evolve mma spends $500 , 000 on maldives vacation for employees
band plays for cancer patients receiving chemotherapy in hospital in istanbul
animal shelter celebrates after every last pet is adopted
wind is outpacing coal as a power source in texas for the first time
bombed out aleppo soapmaker revives age old tradition in paris
fargo police remove about 30 cats from minivan on 80 degree day
syria war: the toy smuggler bringing bags of joy to children
ex nfl rb has quietly given 145 homes to single parent families
penn state students raised over $10 million for kids with cancer this weekend .
twitter shuts down 200 , 000 chinese accounts for spreading misinformation about hong kong protests
china , world ' s biggest polluter , hits carbon goals 12 years early
milkshake shipped across us to grant dying woman ' s wish
after searching for years , wisconsin woman learns her sister lives next door
indian supreme court says consent is prime in marriage
dna sampling exposes nine ' yeti specimens ' as eight bears and a dog: although it has not revealed the existence of the abominable snowman , dna analysis has shed light on the evolutionary family tree of bears , scientists say .
purple bacteria can turn human waste into clean hydrogen energy
denver to vote on decriminalizing ' magic mushrooms '
dog that survived california wildfire guarded home for weeks
elkhart veteran is going to the world series
an early childhood intervention in jamaica improves earnings 25% and could become national policy in three countries
good samaritans rescue 46 people who abandoned fishing ship off aleutians
teen awarded $50 , 000 science fair prize for his method of removing microplastics from water
watch: houston mans dramatic rescue from a burning car
' top chef ' judge tom colicchio launches campaign to end veteran hunger
chinese farmer studies law for 16 years to sue powerful chemical firm for polluting his village
a little caesars outlet in north dakota has given out more than 142 , 000 slices of pizza to needy people in the area .
local nun donates 80th gallon of blood , platelets to hoxworth
' this is why i do the job ' : photo of firefighter cradling child goes viral
a korean family who were facing deportation have won the right to stay in australia after the federal government intervened in their case .
bank of america is raising its minimum wage for employees to $20 an hour
sam adams teams to support veteran owned small businesses
6 year old collects stuffed animals to comfort hurricane victims
iraq ' s muslims celebrate christmas in solidarity with christians
child " with nothing " gave away breakfast lucky charms marshmallows as christmas present for teacher
holding on for deer life: deer rescued from partially frozen pond
college students create ' frozen ' themed 3d printed prosthetic for girl born without hand .
an online education breakthrough ? a masters degree for a mere $7 , 000
a petition urging hawaii gov . david ige to sign a bill into law that would prohibit the sale of sunscreens containing certain ingredients found to be harmful to marine life is gaining traction , having garnered close to its goal of 40 , 000 signatures .
lonely tiger taken from world ' s worst zoo in gaza enjoys new freedom http://dailym . ai/2g4zloi
climate change sceptic kathleen hartnett white ditched as trump environmental adviser white house to withdraw nomination of controversial figure to chair council on environmental quality
overjoyed girl beams at ' twin ' doll with matching prosthetic leg
touching photo of georgia police officer comforting toddler
the 11th thai boy has been rescued from the cave
earth ' s forests just grew 9% in a new satellite survey | science
community rallies behind homeless high school baseball player , throws him graduation party and captures his reaction on local tv
social worker left surprise $11m to children ' s charities
scottish power to use 100% wind power after drax sale
surat diamond merchant gifts 400 flats , 1 , 260 cars to his employees as diwali gifts
after spending 9 months alone in mountains , lost dog is home
uk doctors help kilimanjaro christian medical centre perform tanzanias first ever laparoscopic day case procedure
the faa allows boeing to produce wings with foldable wingtips . now you wont have to travel in buses to board boeings 777 aircraft .
former addict opens animal rescue , looks for forever homes for dogs saved from hurricane ravaged areas
nh brewery releases new beer to benefit local firefighters
spain ' s first ' nap bar ' opens in madrid
malta votes to legalise same sex marriage by 66 1
this story of a high school senior ditched by his friends on prom night has a happy ending
tina ' s search for a life saving kidney donation ends at church
immigrant muslim restaurant worker tracks down toronto man to return stolen jacket , refuses reward
new zealand artist to bring tattoo skills to children ' s hospital patients
11 year old boy dedicates himself to teaching his mother how to read
jakson follmann , a survivor of the chapecoense plane crash , enters and scores in a friendly match .
a group of volunteers called bridgewatch angels patrol the golden gate bridge to prevent suicides . they have saved 235 lives by talking people out of suicides and providing help .
multiple groups working to end food deserts and hunger
dog saved from euthanasia becomes champion in competitions
etihad airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson ! ( learn a thing or two , united )
how a lost dog was found two days after a massive fire
how snapchat is recruiting bone marrow donors
iceland becomes the first country to make it illegal to pay men more than women: government offices and private businesses are mandated to obtain certificates on the equal pay policies or face fines .
eighth graders create wheelchair for kitten with spinal condition
girl with incurable cancer draws up bucket list with marrying teenage sweetheart at very top
elon musk says spacex has " sufficient capital " for its starlink internet satellite network to reach " an operational level
a nurse fell in love with two abused kids that came to her hospital so she adopted them and they are thriving
freed chibok girls return home for christmas
how dwindling fish stocks got a reprieve
these tiny microbes are munching away at plastic waste in the ocean | science | aaas
world record set in kalamazoo for most marriage vow renewals
solar powered water wheels prevented 1 million pounds of trash from entering baltimore harbor
dishwasher to be co owner of top restaurant noma
netherlands prisons are so empty they ' re being turned into homes for refugees
owner ' flabbergasted ' as hundreds join walnut the whippet on his final walk after facebook invitation
facebook ' s first blind engineer is revolutionizing social media as we know it
ex prisoner misses job interview to save life
as thousands of fort mcmurray residents were forced to flee the devastating wildfire , two canadian airlines ensured no four legged friend was left behind . westjet and canadian north have been letting evacuees from the stricken city bring their pets into the passenger cabin of the plane with them .
record number of rescued animals returned to the wild
21 year old plans to help pay parents debts with $60m lottomax ticket payout
ethiopia and eritrea reopen border after 20 years as part of extraordinary rapprochement
man gives his car away to a struggling family that lost their last 600$ to an online car loan scam .
man found conscious in recycling system at pier 96 facility
vietnam vet with dementia reassured his " duty is done
presumed dead , wild atlantic salmon return to the connecticut river
acid attack convict in pakistan sentenced 60 years in jail
aditya tiwari youngest single parent in india
man with cp seeks to inspire others despite physical limitations
christians surprise pride parade marchers with signs apologizing for anti lgbtq views
mark zuckerberg and the $80 million stolen password
hearing loss could be reversed thanks to sea anemones
sacramento fire crews rescue dog that fell 15 feet down storm drain
el gordo: struggling spanish town wins fortune from lottery
how a one eyed ' wonder horse ' has brought love to couple
why taking my son to bruce springsteens concert is something ill never forget
cats enjoy having their own park in turkey ' s mersin
teen ' s harvard acceptance video generates wave of support
military ids lost pilot from 1945 crash on oahu: a long lost world war ii aviator soon will be going back to his family for burial after his remains were recovered in 2016 from mountainous terrain near kahuku point , and he was positively identified .
' i married my train crush '
samaritans save father , son in fiery bethlehem ny crash
two pilots spend savings on plane to rescue migrants in mediterranean sea
a dog attack when he was 8 altered joshua dixon ' s life forever . but it ' s how the 18 year old portland art school freshman has adapted since that makes him stand out .
tracey spicer launches anti harassment not for profit with 30 aussie celebrities
amazon will donate profits pegida song to refugee charity
' imagine the joy: ' father , four year old son reunite in u . s . immigration crisis
kenya ' s green geothermal power an example to the world
feds to reclassify manatees from ' endangered ' to ' threatened '
d day veterans aged 94 and 95 parachute into normandy 75 years after invasion
anonymous person buys $1m worth of remaining toys at raleigh toys ' r ' us in order to donate them to charity .
refugees encounter a foreign word: welcome | how canadian hockey moms , poker buddies and neighbors are adopting syrians , a family at a time .
new zealand girl sends prime minister $5 ' bribe ' to fund dragon research so she can grow up to be a dragon trainer .
husband walks miles with sign to find a kidney donor for wife withe stage 5 kidney failure
tiny canada town defeats oil firm in court fight over drinking water , bringing an end to a four year ordeal . quebec township of 157 people was facing a million dollar lawsuit from an oil and gas exploration company , after it created a no drill zone , fearing for its water supply .
hundreds of cheerleaders head to abilene , tx in wake of deadly bus crash
the insanely popular pokemon go app saves puppys life
nebraska football honors sam foltz , lines up with 10 men on first punt | ncaa . com
phil mickelson to sit out upcoming u . s . open to attend his daughter ' s graduation
muslim , jewish families share dinner after protest encounter captured in viral photo
woman reunited with prosthetic leg after snorkeler finds it the next day
canadian pm welcomes the refugees in the country
white house: trump will donate $1 million to harvey relief
edwins restaurant , an upscale french restaurant in cleveland , is staffed entirely by ex convicts
yazidi sisters return home after three years of captivity by isis
after photo of after photo of hardee ' s restaurant employee helping elderly woman goes viral , teen lauded for his compassion
survivor in collapse building disaster finally meet rescuer after 30 years !
ontario dad grieving over loss of two dogs recieves a puppy from his family as an early birthday present
local arkansan donates basset hound to sniff out cancer
meet the ' oldest gay ' in brighton who ' s finally got an apology from british government
boston makes major progress toward ending veteran homelessness
towns heart warming reason for buying out doughnut shop each morning
stranded in montreal , u . s . sailors volunteer at welcome hall mission
disabled navy veteran , who was severely beaten after he tried to stop three accused animal abusers who tortured and killed a turtle , is given a car from local dealership
teenager recovers from irukandji jellyfish sting after two weeks in hospital: a western australian teenager stung by one of the world ' s deadliest jellyfish has been released from hospital two weeks after the easter sunday incident .
zuckerbergs pledge $3b to ' cure , prevent or manage all disease '
nigeria turns the tide on electronic waste
sawdust reinvented into sponge for oil spills
man wins lottery jackpot on daughter ' s first birthday
former rams player aims for mission driven career in medicine in nigeria
us man ian grillot who took a bullet for indian techie in kansas honoured with $100 , 000
lovers reunite , marry after seven decades
donations to help charlottesville victims approach $900k
marine veteran reunited with military dog after years apart
woman pushes her quadriplegic boyfriend 26 miles along the boston marathon route
this is my aunt . she sews beautiful infant burial gowns out of donated wedding dresses , giving closure to mourning families in the sweetest way possible .
the forest man from india plants 1000acres of forest in a barren wasteland , revives wildlife
' not in my wildest dreams ' : gay syrian refugee snags spot next to justin trudeau for pride parade
watch video: deer surfing on maine river ice leaps to a decision
supposedly extinct kangaroo rat resurfaces after 30 years
diabetes related kidney disease drops among native americans: the cdc announced that between 1996 and 2013 there was a 54% reduction in the number of diabetes related kidney failures , called end stage renal disease .
the japanese rail authorities have kept a train running just so that a girl can attend school . it will shut down after she graduates .
' an amazing christmas gift: ' 6 month old hears for first time
syrian refugees in canada got housed in same hotel as vancoufur furry convention and the children loved it
nevada ' s legislature just passed a radical plan to let anybody sign up for medicaid
zoo miami reveals new litter of african painted dog puppies
coffee chain boston tea party ' first ' to ban disposable cups
til , in 1998 , one night only , the light of day foundation held a concert in red bank in honor of bob benjamin ' s 40th birthday . bruce springsteen performed at the annual winterfest for 11 years . in 2016 , the proceeds of $525 , 000 will go towards parkinsons
taoiseach announces choctaw scholarship programme
rhino poaching figures in south africa have fallen for the fourth consecutive year in a row .
the death rate from cancer in the us fell 25% from 1991 to 2014 . racial disparity also declined .
senate votes to save net neutrality
two large apple shareholders say it needs to research the impact of smartphones on kids
afghanistan: sexual exploitation of boys now a crime
sally newman risked own safety to rescue stricken swan entangled in fishing wire in penryn
toronto couples wedding vows included gift of new life to refugee family
scientists discovered 3 new sea creatures in the ultra deep pacific ocean
blind sailor completes pacific voyage
global solar demand will exceed 80 gw in 2017; 9 . 6 gw awarded in q3 alone
young woman discovers she has breast cancer after watching reality tv: ' towie saved my life '
india on the verge of passing 26 week maternity leave
family ' s dog turns up 10 years after vanishing from home
awesome initiative ! public is invited to help create plan to end homelessness in the ozarks .
trio of comedians heading to burton to raise funds for drug and alcohol rehabilitation
after 72 years , 94 year old wwii us navy veteran finally receives medals
david spade donates $100 , 000 to mental health organization following kate ' s death
ohio high school student loses 115 pounds by walking to school each day
the dolphins used to treat ptsd in ukrainian soldiers | world news
scientists claim ' extraordinary ' success with treatment using immune cells to target cancer
irish woman , 81 , finally meets her 103 year old mother , more than 6 decades after starting search
three friends celebrate their 100th birthdays together
toronto doctors save dying womans life by removing her lungs
tsa agents slipped a heartwarming note into the bag of this veteran dj warning him to protect his classic records
' we ' re anti influencer ' : ice cream truck makes instagram ' stars ' pay double
bug loving girl who was teased at school co authors research paper
dell to turn ocean plastics from haiti beaches into laptop packaging
california: unisex restrooms required under new law
football star deangelo williams buys 53 mammograms for women to honor mom , who died of breast cancer
' a real life spiderman ' : president macron makes migrant ( 22 ) a french citizen after rescuing small boy dangling from balcony
a san diego businessman has handed $1 , 000 ( 780 ) cheques to the 1 , 085 students and staff at a california high school left devastated by the state ' s most destructive ever wildfire
couple with down syndrome to celebrate 22nd anniversary
how i became a pro surfer after losing my arm in a shark attack
colorado city will use $1 . 5 million cannabis tax revenues to help the homeless
' flabbergasted ' : chase bank forgives all credit card debt for canadian customers
mystery box shows up in random places to help people thinking about suicide
using social media to spread acts of kindness .
missing therapy dog found and reunited with owner thanks to news 3 viewers
104 puppies survive car crash
after being paralyzed in freak accident , bride walks down aisle , dances at wedding
kids choose between a gift for themselves or their parents
half of scotland ' s energy consumption came from renewables last year
als patient asks for help and community shows up
general mills brings back iconic fruity shaped trix cereal
fishermen deliver baby bird sharks
young boy stops traffic to help elderly stranger up the stairs
third grader uses cpr to save unconscious mom
first womens self defence studio in middle east helps fight harassment
clearwater boy asks santa to skip him , give presents to kids in need instead
visitors to palau are being made to sign a promise to respect the environment , in an innovative move that authorities hope will curb ecological damage caused by booming numbers of tourists " palau pledge " is stamped onto visitors ' passports and must be signed upon arrival in the country .
multidimensional poverty index: india halves poverty in 10 years
a four year old british boy has started cancer treatment in the us , after a mystery donor gave $130 , 000 to help fund the trip
the overwhelming response from the mexican people in the face of tragedy ( more in comments )
the seven megatrends that could beat global warming: ' there is reason for hope '
brussels airport luggage handler named as ' hero ' after pulling wounded people to safety during attacks
dutch king reveals secret life as part time pilot on klm airline
81 year old man with dementia was found safe in nearby town after disappearing the day before
8 year old girls birthday wish yields over 12 , 000 pounds worth of pet food
how a startup is quietly transforming our antiquated 911 system
4 , 000 orphans and malnourished children fed during the mourning of muharram in iran
cave squeaker , rare frog last seen in 1962 , is found in zimbabwe
meet the 12 year old boy who spends his time making teddy bears for sick children
ben affleck not suffering from brain damage
man goes through dad ' s stuff after he passes away . finds coin worth $53 , 000 .
youaintnomuslimbruv trending as britons hail onlookers riposte
syrian refugees in calgary are stepping up to help fort mcmurray fire evacuees .
cbc: this social media challenge is sparking all sorts of good deeds
my boyfriend was reunited with his stolen dog on christmas eve ( full story in comments )
young portuguese fan hugs crying french fan euro 2016
nasa completed mars 2020 spacecraft
owner of nursing home stops paying staff and gives residents 48 hours to vacate . staff stays behind anyway to help move residents .
hockey fans celebrate goal by throwing 28 , 815 teddy bears onto ice for charity
mayor of london announced major expansion of capitals ultra low emission zone to tackle dangerous levels of air pollution . under new plans set out by sadiq khan , zone will cover area 18 times larger than central london ulez currently set to roll out in april next year .
they called this grade 9 girl ' disgusting ' and ' ugly . ' she fought back . district applauds girl ' s actions , says anti bullying efforts a top priority
heartbreaking picture of 89 year old popsicle seller makes internet donate him more than $250 , 000 .
chubby rat saved from sewer manhole cover by emergency crew in german town and became a social media star
why notre dame ' s beauty wins hearts around the world
making a murderer ' s brendan dassey ' s conviction overtuened
grateful veteran gives back by helping other veterans
glasgow big issue seller repays kindness
barack obama and stephen curry inspire boys with advice about healthy manhood obama: " if you are very confident about your sexuality , you don ' t have to have eight women around you twerking .
hambach forest clearance halted by german court
south african kids go global thanks to ancient zulu instrument
thats my mom ! : a reader spots a familiar face in a 1962 photograph republished by the atlantic .
republican arizona senator jeff flake has come to defend a woman who wants to unseat him after she received hateful messages about her muslim religion .
rapper logic released a song titled 1 800 273 8255 and it increased suicide prevention calls by 50% . .
lost phone in commuter train sparks jakarta tokyo friendship ( x post from /r/indonesia )
south african businessman buys home for housekeeper of 30 years
denver area dealers donate new minivan to family who lost son in road rage shooting
over 2 , 000 people receive free dental care thanks to over 1 , 000 volunteers .
all students in my school district get free breakfast and lunch next year .
former tobacco barns repurposed for anti smoking message
aboriginal man wanted to ' do something nice ' after overhearing racist comments in a fremantle cafe
child ' s christmas letter for his dead dad sent by balloon triggers community search .
people donate so much to grenfell tower victims that council cant take any more
how one mans vision to feed his family blossomed into an international effort
a little girl asked a mall santa to bring back her mother . he thought back to his santa school training , and his santa oath .
grandmother of orlando victim going to funeral receives stunning show of support from passengers
parents paint messages of joy and kindness on school bathroom stalls
results from phase 2 clinical trials indicate mdma assisted psychotherapy for ptsd is safe and effective
chicago cocktail waitress , received an $11 , 000 tip from a massachusetts businessman after she had bared her soul to him about life ' s travails
tamilnadu , one of the largest states in india enforces statewide ban on single use plastic effective from 1 . 1 . 2019
tennessee becomes the fourth state to restrict the use of monsanto herbicide
teen with cerebral palsy rappels down skyscraper in her wheelchair for charity
boy who asked for racing stickers for his casket gets to ride in $3m ferrari
ken bone saves the debate , becomes internet hero
23 year old olivia ambrose found alive after going missing in boston
disabled st george , utah man ' s tricycle was stolen . 3 weeks later he was presented with a new trike , funded by the community .
brooklyn nine nine cast supports terry crews
good samaritan saves dog stuck in the mud
firefighter performs cpr on dog to save its life
200 liters of fuel made from solar power and the air ' s carbon dioxide
startup offers to buy endangered 12 , 000 year old forest from mining company
manchester united players grant dying fan ' s final wish bbc news
gloria secures $10 million state funding for homeless youth
deaf foster puppy rescued after being stuck in 50 foot hole for over 24 hours
dog survives 75 metre fall from seaside cliff in haida gwaii
hero dog warns family of house fire , drags baby out by diaper to safety
millennials: 1 in 6 now have $100 , 000 socked away
mars commits $1 billion to stopping child labor and other injustices
[google translate] refugees host christmas party for locals in denmark to say thanks !
indian engineer who made breathing device to prevent deaths of newborn babies wins innovation award in uk
bull riding sport helps this central queensland school buck the trend
hare survives elephant hill fire
50 holocaust survivors finally get their bar/bat mitzvahs
michigan woman facing homelessness wins $390 , 000 lottery jackpot cnn
officer helps student on his way to a presentation tie a necktie during a traffic stop .
community rallies behind restaurant owner burglarized five times in three months
how free eyeglasses are boosting test scores in baltimore
kalamazoo woman gets new fishing pole from friends after thief steals old one
portsmouth man gives away free fentanyl test strips to save lives .
crime rate drops in surrey for fourth straight year surrey now leader
little girl gets to meet connolly after going viral
underground network readies homes to hide undocumented immigrants
her world ended when her kids were murdered . raising dozens of orphans saved her life @cnnafrica
dunkin ' donuts employee dances with autistic customer in touching video: ' i love my customers '
how decision to watch an f1 race saved a georgia familys lives
an incredible couple i know how would you react if you were told that your baby wouldn ' t survive through her first month of life ?
designers create a shipping pallet that can be easily turned into sports equipment for kids in refugee camps
aaron rodgers donating 1 million for wildfire relief efforts in california
indian villagers knit huge jumpers to keep elephants warm
still bossin ' lafayette louisiana flooding
vietnamese authorities have banned herbicides containing glyphosate after it was discovered that the substance causes cancer .
the eximus iv becomes the worlds most energy efficient vehicle
startup offers to buy endangered 12 thousand year old forest
mother clings to 8 week old baby as tornado slings them into the air
company creates edible utensils ( made from wheat , millet , and rice ) to limit plastic waste
sf first graders find way to help homeless man using solar energy
kitten yoga raises funds , helps kittens find new homes
kenyan president commutes all death sentences to life in prison
accountant by day , goalie by night: scott foster steals show in emergency debut for nhl chicago blackhawks
a little boy thought this muslim accountant was santa and hes played along for 4 years
oil demand for cars is already falling electric vehicles are displacing hundreds of thousands of barrels a day , exceeding expectations .
maryland woman meets bone marrow donor who saved her life
us primary school teacher adopts her orphaned student
india unveils $2 . 5 billion plan to electrify all households by end 2018
south korea cuts ' inhumanely long ' 68 hour working week . president introduces 52 hour work week to country that has among the longest hours in the developing world .
new victorian law bans from pet shops from selling puppies and kittens from breeders; only animals sourced from shelters , pounds , and licensed foster carers
homeless cats given funny likes and dislikes to help them get adopted at local animal rescue
soccer fans call for awareness , funds for yemen famine crisis
#buildwithbitcoin program is making pre primary education more accessible in rwanda and encouraging charity in the cryptocurrency industry
china ' s crazy smog sucking vacuum tower is actually working
this camp in ontraio is free for children with cancer , and the the little girl in the video , brooklyn is my sister !
muslims in france attend mass in gesture of solidarity after church attack
sexual scandal , the fbi controls trump lawyer offices
firefighter rewarded for wooftop rescue
suicide hotline sees spike in calls following logics " 1 800 273 8255 " vma performance
first baby in u . s . brought to term in organ donated womb
major zachariah fike , the man who returns lost medals to soldiers
artist paints the portraits of 100 shelter dogs to encourage others to adopt a pet
family dog emerges alive and happy from wildfire aftermath
photographers capture images of amazing bio luminescent sea fireflies in japan
welcome to the land of the free
the story of first female amputee to ascent mount everest
verdict is in: food stamps put poor kids on path to success
groom rushes from his own wedding to fight a fire
heroic pitbull who saved teen from rapist gets special vip ceremony
mexico aims to legalize recreational marijuana before october
no one showed up to his parties , so now an entire community is invited to an autistic teen ' s birthday
the university of michigan will offer free tuition to students whose families make under 65k beginning january 2018 .
a bill that would protect sharks and expand protections to all rays within state waters is cruising through the state legislature . senate bill 2079 seeks to protect the animals for ecological purposes and their value to native hawaiian cultural practices and the ocean recreation industry .
solar panels surpass coal fired electricity in previously unthinkable feat for six months until september , more electricity came from sunlight than coal fired power stations
music teacher plans to run 48 hour ultramarathon to raise funds for buddy benches ' for two elementary schools in idaho
swedish teen climate activist takes school strike to gates of united nations
a girl gets support from her school after being cyber bullied for her cancer
dog at center of custody dispute turned over to owner who lost her 5 years ago
burned black churches in louisiana raise $1 . 3m after notre dame fire
til in 2013 an elderly care home in california was shut down leaving many residents with nowhere to go or care for them . after the rest of the staff left , a cook and a janitor decided to stay behind and , upaid , they looked after them 24/7 .
awesome dad gets tattoo on his head to match son ' s cancer surgery scar
police officer saves pot bellied pig wandering in boston suburb
pregnant doc puts birth on hold to help deliver womans baby
us cigarette smoking rate reaches new low cigarette use among american adults is at the lowest it ' s been since the cdc started collecting data on the issue in 1965 , down to 14% from over 40% in the mid 1960s , according to a new report .
calls to suicide prevention hotline spike after [logic] vma performance
more girls to get free hpv shots as hong kong expands vaccination scheme: the fund will now provide free hpv for human papilloma virus , which causes cervical cancer vaccines to girls aged nine to 18 from families benefiting from the working family allowance scheme .
sweet couple
border collie fights off bear , saves owner
jedek: the previously unknown language discovered by researchers in south east asia
high school seniors held a funeral for a homeless veteran who died on the streets , and who had no living family members or friends .
discussion with dr . aubrey de grey , co founder and cso of the sens research foundation , about rejuvenation breakthroughs against human aging
malaysia peacefully and democratically electing our old government out ( it turned up much more peaceful than expected , and really spurred hope for the future of the country in the hearts of malaysians ) &lt;3
woman wakes after 27 years in a coma
soldier to become first person in us to have penis transplant
using virtual reality to reconnect children with nature
these are my people
surprise of a lifetime: grandson pays off grandparents ' mortgage .
young church members ditch board games to rescue nursing home residents from fire
austrian women celebrate countrys first same sex marriage
watch as specialized toy cars are made for disabled children
irs phone scam calls drop dramatically likely due to police raids in kolkatta last month .
first and only female in the usa , chef dominique crenn gets her third michelin star 2019
singer receives liver transplant from fellow member of san francisco gay mens chorus
where a simple photo changed a life: a hollywood film editor has photographed some of indias poorest people capturing the look on their faces when they see themselves in a photo for the very first time
local authorities should consider converting empty government properties into night shelters for the homeless , indias highest court said , amid growing concern about the number of deaths on the streets during winter months .
south bay couple donate $70 million to l . a . biomedical institute
this french restaurant exclusively hires ex convicts who aspire to be chefs
a us judge has ruled that federal law protects a transgender student ' s right to use the bathroom corresponding to his gender identity .
johnny bobbitt will get his full $400 , 000 , gofundme says
boy with autism shatters stereotypes , takes world title in taekwondo
community rallies and finds quadriplegic mans missing dog
siblings donate $11 , 000 to the children ' s shelter
texas a&amp;m declares 21 year old the next student body president , the first openly gay student to occupy the post
former navy seal training dogs to combat school shootings
earth is greener largely thanks to china and india , nasa satellite study finds
a girl from my hometown in mississippi just became the first girl to score a touchdown in the state . high school or college .
climate change education mandate proposed for connecticut public schools
7 year old battling brain cancer asks for halloween cards
bullies drove him out of school . 40 years later , he ' s graduating
most humpback whale populations to be taken off us endangered species list
small sask . town ' s rainbow crosswalk brings tears to former resident
my daughter was bummed out that she lost the money i gave her for snow cone day at school . one of the kids from another class found it and turned it in . i ' m proud of this kid for making the right choice .
cambodia is taking big steps in adopting a circular economy
cat " pilot program fosters kitties in local businesses
cat rescued from 100ft well in mammoth operation that took a year !
abba are back and have recorded new music together
55th annual celebrate israel day parade .
j . j . watt foundation: $41 . 6m in hurricane harvey relief is largest crowd sourced fundraiser in history
heartwarming viral post shows st . clair shores police officer buying gas for woman in need
mother in disbelief after flight attendant hand delivers 100 oz . of breast milk left on plane
psychiatrist using craft beer to brew up jobs for those with disabilities
tanzania is finally protecting its globally unique endangered rainforest
showbiz whales arrive at iceland sanctuary
wages and salaries jump by 3 . 1% highest level in a decade
injured 84 year old calls wrong number , finds savior in car salesman
87 year old woman says dog saved her during cold snap
teen asks twin brother with down syndrome to share his graduation day
instead of lemonade , boy has a free toy stand for less fortunate
teens offer to carry groceries for food , gets unexpected outpouring of support from a fb post
philadelphia housing authority tries holistic approach to neighborhood revitalization
jaxson the pug honored by idaho town with ' hometown hero award ' for saving family from fire
unconscious koala rescued from australian bushfire by firefighters
endangered rhino numbers soar by 1 , 000% in tanzania after crackdown on poaching gangs and elephant populations have risen by nearly half in five years , thanks to a blitz on illegal ivory hunters , the presidents office said .
lego and sesame street team up in $100 million project to help refugee children
i asked you all to send cards a while back here ' s the update
wisconsin boy with rare disease sworn in as police officer in new jersey beach town | fox news
genes which prevent four million people gaining weight discovered , in new hope for slimming medicine
hundreds of bikers in fancy dress deliver presents to sick kids at local hospital
women in kerala , india made a 620km human chain to shatter patriarchy and fight for equality .
20 , 000 raised in a few days for irish church destroyed by vandals
shelter dog gets the one thing all dogs want: a hydrant
william peter blatty dies at 89 , catholic ' exorcist ' author intended to help those with wavering faith in god
cbd oil offers hope and promising results for children battling autism
an everton fan with down ' s syndrome was invited to meet players and train with squad after being mocked online .
new brunswick dog finds lost cat in storm drain , is hailed a hero
for chrismas , redditors gave this grieving mom a remixed , clear sounding version of a performance of her late son singing
rickie fowler makes hole in one to raise $1 million at els for autism event
lyft is offering free rides to chicago warming centers through friday night
police officer deaths reach 50 year low in 2017
over the last generation , rates of arrests of californians under age 20 have fallen by 80 percent , murder arrest by 85 percent , gun killings by 75 percent , imprisonments by 88 percent , . . . and school dropout by more than half while college enrollments have risen 45 percent .
one of oldest coal companies in us files for bankruptcy
corona del mars samuelis donate record $200 million to uci to establish health sciences college
danny rumsey has down syndrome , but he has also found love
police raid reunites trafficked tea plantation sisters in india
tiger population in india doubles four years before deadline
phd in nuclear physics returns to india , establishes schools , and improves education in impoverished areas
customer asks pizza shop owner to hang a sign to warn others that the place employs people with special needs . so she does . . .
family finds qing dynasty vase worth $600 , 000 in attic shoebox a french family made the discovery everyone who cleans out their attic secretly hopes for: a priceless work of art overlooked for decades .
nevada becomes 8th state to ban conversion therapy
thailand : three legged dog rescues baby buried alive by teenage mother .
azeri teenager develops device that produces energy from rainwater
police post mugshot of lost dog , bail paid in cookies
bravo zulu dad: texas father and daughter walk to school on first day of kindergarten , last day of high school
update on former homeless connecticut man who returned 10k check last year
twin cities doctor creates $50 epipen alternative
young man " adopts " his ill elderly neighbour so he can care for her
rcmp in penticton catch no drunk drivers on nye , finding designated drivers instead .
unethical puppy and kitten farms ' to be banned ' in england
chargepoint now has 30 , 000 charging stations , nearly 3x more than us starbucks locations
utmb develops a universal vaccine platform thats cheaper and shelf stable at room temperature
jayme closs has been found alive . wisconsin teen missing for almost 3 month after her parents found murdered in their home .
nurse delivers woman ' s baby at target
minecraft ' s more popular than fortnite on google trends again !
cops pick up bill for mom who can ' t afford daughter ' s cake
sea lion that fled fukushima now famous through word of mouth a steller sea lion that was forced to flee her home near the crippled fukushima nuclear plant has become a star performer in western japan for her startling linguistic abilities .
couple stranded on fishing trip in crocodile infested area for 26 hours rescued after etching " help " in mud
teacher to donate kidney to 10 year old student she didn ' t know
a 96 year old woman in mexico is fulfilling her dream of finishing high school by her 100th birthday " now i can write letters to my boyfriends , " she said with a laugh .
wedding photographer captures groom jumping into water to rescue boy
mom who attended every class with quadriplegic son earns honorary mba alongside him
marriott to eliminate straws from all of its hotels in 2019
teacher ' s quick response saves lives during mattoon high school shooting
making a difference for kids in south texas
california highway patrol officer leaves hospital 3 weeks after hit by drunk driver , department there to welcome him
wind power provides half of the electricity on us grid for first time ever
good to know people are still thinking ahead
customers will run nyc coffee shop for a day so owners can treat employees to a beach trip
world ' s ugliest dog: martha the mastiff takes the crown
us mayors , governors vow to stick with paris accord
thanks: the power of gratitude growing up , sarahjane bradford was told she was better off dead . now she gives a thank you to the people who helped her learn how to be loved .
scottish war veteran , 92 , to receive the highest french military honour in recognition of his role on d day
syrian refugee praised after handing in 50 , 000 he found hidden in a donated wardrobe
halifax girl with cerebral palsy saves brother from drowning
oak lawn hospital worker saves own money to buy 1 , 000 toys for sick kids
cactus innards may be able to clean drinking water , remain the quenchiest .
israel opens up a joint arab/jewish/international student education program which focuses on leadership training and conflict resolution .
cuyahoga county libraries push every child to have a library card
two african lion cubs samira and malaika get a new habitat thanks to women entrepreneurs and their fundraising event .
muslim led fundraiser nets $150 , 000 for funeral costs of synagogue shooting victims
taiwan ' s democracy is worth defending | the japan times: taiwan now one of the most progressive of liberal democracies
man goes from prisoner , to poet , to attorney
how robotic exoskeletons could save disabled children from a life in wheelchairs
five year old girl on a mission .
right now pornhub is donating one cent for every 2000 video played to whale conservation efforts . they ' ve currently added 22 , 69 , 624 , 237 cents to their donation so far
australian surgeons restore hand and arm function to paralysed patients
french homeless man becomes bestselling author after writing book on being homeless
mungo man headed for final resting place , four decades and 40 , 000 years on: remains of the first known australian handed back to traditional owners in sombre ceremony in canberra .
canada banning oil , gas and mining from marine protected areas
researchers report that low levels of thc , the main psychoactive compound in marijuana , does reduce stress , but in a highly dose dependent manner: very low doses lessened the jitters of a public speaking task , while slightly higher doses enough to produce a mild high instead increased anxiety .
plan to end rough sleeping in england by 2027
canada plans to experiment with giving people unconditional free money
ex soldier travels length of country to take inspirational girl with downs to prom
large fireball over central florida was a meteor caught in a video
veteran combat pilot , 96 , fulfills dream of flying fighter jet
reformed neo nazi becomes activist after falling in love with a black woman
reddit moderator r/santaslittlehelpers honored in an article by cnbc news this is so awesome !
nypl ' s suggestions for the 2016 read harder challenge | the new york public library
nevada lake poised to become great restoration story las vegas sun news
sea turtle populations soared by 980% after legal protections
laguardia airports therapy dogs are very good boys
a syrian refugee became a local hero after finding $55 , 000 cash and turning it in to the police
flight attendant breastfeeds strangers baby on flight
man rescues dog from hot car in grand bend , on .
south african child ( 9 ) ' cured of hiv ' after a year of treatment
college student uses coupon clipping skills to donate over $110 , 000 to charities
canadian university bans sale of bottled water via vending machines in campus
stranded serbian vulture flies home from turkey , by plane ! ! !
watching this 2 year old boy with autism fall in love with snow white will melt your heart
just in time for father ' s day , woman , 40 , meets dad for first time
local brewery brews beer to raise money for richmond public schools
high school students helping homeless dogs
instead of a state of the union transcript , heres jabberwocky
nurse ' s elaborate dry erase artwork brings cheer to child cancer patients
texas medical student survives 6 brain surgeries while studying to be doctor at hospital treating her
unsung women of africa: a series about inspiring women across africa
after voting in pakistan , they get inked in india !
david draiman tells a story about converting a nazi with the words " i ' m jewish " . old article , relevant story .
shocked woman woke from coma to find she had given birth 10 days earlier
nine months pregnant woman shot three times miraculously delivers baby with three bullets still inside her
five year old boy with rare condition hugs prince harry
cruel owner throws puppy in garbage , female dog saves him
american couple pledge $380 million art donation to france
the pink floyd axeman auctioned his guitars for $21 million thursday and hes donating every penny to clientearth , a non profit fighting climate change .
this man had a heart attack in september . animal control took his dogs and gave them to a shelter , who put them up for adoption . once he was better , he realized he could not pay the fee to re adopt them . so , some workers raised money for him . here he is realizing he will get his best friends back .
angie the dog found safe but a ' bit thinner ' 3 weeks after winter car crash
baby rescued alive from rubble two days after indonesia disaster
everyone rallied together to help the wildlife waystation in sylmar evacuate hundreds of exotic animals like tigers and bears out of the path of the massive sand fire . residents across the state showed up in droves to help out
meet the former teacher giving a voice to disabled children
woman with terminal cancer vows to keep volunteering for others
n . c . woman battling cancer wins lottery again
mysterious smiley face appears in hawaiian volcano during eruption abc news
teachers donate 100 sick days to colleague with cancer
lost parrot reunited with family after hitching a ride in garbage truck
airline staff goes above and beyond for autistic child
stranded bride gets police car lift to wedding in bibury
man lives rent free in sandcastle for 22 years
kenya has launched africa ' s largest wind power farm in a bid to boost electricity generating capacity and to meet the country ' s ambitious goal of 100% green energy by 2020 .
' untreatable ' prostate cancer halted in some men by new immunotherapy drug , trial finds: one in 10 men have ' astonishing benefits ' from personalised treatment which jump starts the immune system to tackle tumours .
m&amp;m parent company commits $1 billion to stop child labor and other injustices
the ice bucket challenge , the internet ' s most famous example of slacktivism , has had surprisingly long lasting benefits .
100+ neighbors come out to help wife clean yard for man with stage 4 lung cancer
teen girl uses ' crazy strength ' to lift burning car off dad
premature baby , weighing only 10 ounces at birth , delivered by emergency c section on september 23 , finally goes home .
12 years after losing her legs in helicopter crash , tammy duckworth is a senator
police: good samaritans thwart kidnaping in san francisco
11 year old uses birthday money to help with puppy ' s recovery
a horse goes missing near baltimore . nearly two weeks later , it ' s returned to its owner ok
these good citizens prevented a rape this week
racing halted at santa anita after horse deaths
the world has gotten more peaceful , except the middle east
owning your own future
yusra mardini: olympic syrian refugee who swam for three hours in sea to push sinking boat carrying 20 to safety
circuses in ireland banned from using wild animals from 2018
indian telecom regulatory authority bats for net neutrality across india
teacher helps student with college financial problems
india makes first biggest move against corruption
an ex con who has earned his phd is opening a community college focused on other ex cons
a new peace curriculum in afghanistan reduces violence between schoolchildren by 50 percent
virginia introduces law to stop 12 year old girls from getting married
mandelas driver among first to receive bequests from will
what roberto clementes death still says to us 45 years later: if you have a chance to accomplish something that will make things better for people coming behind you , and you dont do that , you are wasting your time on this earth .
twin girls conjoined at the head successfully separated by 30 strong surgical team
houston marine ' s military interpreter finally reaches new home in texas
video of nurse singing to a dying patient her favourite song goes viral
having a dog could boost your heart health , study finds
british teenager overcomes stammering by agreeing to a live radio interview
former football players provide leadership training at middle school
a princely plea to allow women to get behind the wheel in saudi arabia
fortune ' s world ' s great leaders list
meet leah nelson , a 10 year old looking to change the world one bracelet at a time .
mum ' s relief at royal lancaster infirmary a&amp;e parking reprieve note
child finishes famous proverbs for home work the result is pure wisdom
major cause of dementia discovered
dunkin donuts to eliminate polystyrene foam cups worldwide in 2020
how 2 rivals teamed up to evacuate nearly 200 horses amid fast moving wildfires
albino deer spotted in boise cemetery
teen with cerebral palsy scores a truly touching 80 yard touchdown run with help from teammates
metallica donating to local food banks on every stop of their current tour
strangers gift a new car to 20 year old raising 5 siblings
tyson fury news: ' gypsy king ' confirms he donated entire 7million deontay wilder purse to charity
brain chip helps paralyzed man feel his fingers
apple engineer converts used van into mobile laundromat , offers free loads to homeless
mom with terminal cancer surprised with special graduation for son
after learning what it means to be homeless , 3 year old sets up donation boxes around anchorage , alaska , collecting food , diapers , cold weather gear , shoes , toys , and pillows for the homeless , and he volunteers at his local food kitchen .
entrepreneur mike than tun win has bought 10 , 000 bikes from bike sharing companies which he plans to provide to school children across myanmar , many of who walk miles to school and , more broadly , lack transportation for their families .
nypd finds british couple who lost engagement ring
nike is challenging stereotypes with this ad featuring muslim sportswomen
instead of buying new car , retired paramedic spends $40k on overdose prevention kits , gives them away for free , and had already saved 94 lives
88 year old man honours wife ' s memory by making blankets for disadvantaged children
alaska aquarium switches to heating system that runs on seawater instead of fossil fuels
karma was abandoned and left for dead last year . now , shes officially a k 9 with the denver sheriff department; sniffing out explosives .
over 270m in india moved out of poverty in 10 years
former marine said hed slaughter antifa . the fbi , using oregons new red flag law , took his guns away
new brunswick , canada , moves toward mandatory immunization for students: the new brunswick government introduced legislative amendments that would make medical exemptions the only acceptable reason for children in public schools and licensed early learning and child care centres not to be immunized .
could salt be the solution to superbugs ?
violinist brings music back to mosul
couple die holding hands after 69 years of marriage
paramedics win praise for giving mcdonalds caramel sundae to dying man
man sells off star wars lego collection to fund wife ' s chemotherapy
almost every country in the european union has seen its forest area increase in the past 25 years .
new york city woman finds lost wedding ring in trash dump
iraq civilian death toll drops nearly 80% from 2017
the far right australian politician who blamed the new zealand mass shooting on immigration was voted out of office
colorado police officer helps 4 year old inspect new home ( to check for monsters )
student with a disease that causes renal failure is given a new kidney by teacher
parents now spending twice as much time with kids as 50 years ago
70 year old woman runs 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
can you use amazon prime now to deliver to homeless people ?
there wasn ' t a dry eye in the house when the marin humane society reunited a rescue dog with her missing puppies
bernie sanders just won iowa !
israel rocket free for 2+ months !
campaign to send birthday cards to teen with autism no one attended her party last year
a combination of tylenol and advil worked just as well as opioids for relief of pain in the emergency room , a randomized trial has found .
the world was inspired when walter carr walked to work . what ' s next ?
a&amp;w canada to eliminate plastic straws from all restaurants
scientists figure out how to build future space stations inside asteroids
the pen selling refugee ' s big break
world war ii vet reunited with bracelet after 73 years
w . va lawmakers try to give teachers smaller raise , accidentally pass bill giving them full raise
domestic violence victim to marry first responder who helped save her life
tyson fury to donate his entire $10m fight purse to help the poor and homeless
eagles adopt baby red tailed hawk , putting aside violent species rivalry
flight attendant adopts stray dog who wouldnt stop waiting for her outside hotel
nasas sampling probe mission snaps picture of asteroid bennu
couple who lost an incredible 290lb in one year share images of their amazing transformation
this person potentially saved dozens of lives
sister sings touching song she wrote for brother with down syndrome in viral video
3 year old thriving after becoming first to get world ' s smallest mechanical heart valve during medical trial
honeybees are making a comeback
teen hits back at isis by sculpting nimrud ' s ruined artifacts
if trump wont give you birth control , melinda gates will
dont know if this counts , but i feel pretty uplifted by the thought of never having to separate and display liquids anymore !
singapore to pay bonus to all citizens after surplus budget
victim forgives man who left him for dead in hit and run
mom , daughters reunite with rescuers who saved them from dangling car
husky trapped on roof thanks the firefighter who saved him
community raises over $100k for cancer stricken hotdog restaurant owner by re opening his shop for a week
city of scottsdale buys $4m home , allows owner to stay rent free for rest of his life
fans raise $107k for gilligan ' s island star who lost money
new technique can deliver insulin in a pill instead of a needle
horse ' s paintings raise money to help other animals
two boys , aged 9 and 13 when they were shot , are now helping fight gun violence in louisville " people who haven ' t been shot will probably listen to me .
a plan to protect wolves in france could see their population swell to 500 in the next five years . the proposal which would increase the number of wolves by around 40 per cent is designed to ensure the survival of the species in france .
some companies still paying puerto rico employees despite closed stores after hurricanes
state troopers help rescue more than 100 puppies from overturned vehicle in new york
sikh community in us offers free meals to workers affected by shutdown .
expedition brings down 11 tons of mt everest trash
new delhi: all proposals for highways , railway tracks , canals and power lines passing through wildlife sanctuaries and protected areas will now have to include a plan to provide for safe movement of wildlife and allocate budget for animal passages .
clooneys will help thousands of syrian refugee children attend school in lebanon
beat candidiasis with this simple diet and treatment
most people , most places , are good " i started to write a post about terrorism . about isis and murder , about hatred and bombings . . . but then i stopped .
rivian touts cold weather capabilities . and a cuddly dog .
how two friends ( a blind and an armless one ) find a way to be hopeful and contribute to the world .
diabetic oregon man , 72 , who survived 5 days in desert after stranding jeep , is feeling lucky and grateful
mental image of loved one can keep down blood pressure
up to 381 new species discovered in the amazon in pictures
how kids martial art classes in san clemente improve life skills
marriott hotels eliminating plastic straws by 2019
teacher vows to buy a new bike for every student in her school this christmas
walmart boosts minimum wage to $11 , hands out bonuses up to $1 , 000 for hourly workers
beer deliverymen talk man out of jumping off bridge by offering him a 12 pack of coors light
unused school lunch turned into take home meals for students in indiana
for the fist time ever giraffes are given international protection at historic geneva summit
hero irl daniel radcliffe comes to the rescue of mugging victim
texas police rescue kitten stuck underneath car in traffic
jimmy carter beats cancer ! !
veterans bike across the us , raise awareness for ptsd
good samaritan , police , social media help return family ' s lost photo album
how you stand with the vulnerable
this viral holiday ad might leave you blubbering
faced with blackouts , pakistan ' s largest public park goes solar
new baby orca in the endangered southern resident orca pod of juan de fuca and georgia strait .
how twitter changed a blind college students life
150 , 000 people donated $15 to cards against humanity as a way to protest against trump ' s wall . so far they ' ve built a law firm on u . s . mexico land as a way to delay the wall process , and they ' ve created a 30 foot medieval catapult just for the wall !
birds sing special song to babies through shell
injured dog stranded on train tracks is protected by furry friend
puppy recovering after being found in trash with broken skull
dog stays with owner for 20 hours after paralyzing fall in icy weather
the war kids: they fled war torn syria and arrived here with nothing . heres how theyre making their dreams come true
man and son rescue another family ' s dog that was lost in the woods .
teacher chops off hair to match bullied students style
ripple donates $29 million in xrp to donorschoose . org . this donation meant that ripple fully funded over 35 , 000 classroom projects; enough to see every single live donorschoose . org project be financially compensated .
police officer ' s act of kindness brings struggling father to tears
u . s . navy finds dog thought to be lost at sea for 5 weeks
dogs love to please their humans and nothing makes them happier than when we are happy with them , dr . chavez says . so when your dog is attentive and obedient to your commands , its a clear sign of love and respect ,
martha , newly crowned as worlds ugliest dog , finds a home in sonoma county
all women ' army ' protecting rare bird in india
israeli buys palestinian girl a new bike after border guards broke hers
amazon accidentally sold $13 , 000+ camera gear for $100 on prime day: " the items are being shipped " said amazon customer support .
a barista nearly lost her arm , but she won ' t lose one day ' s pay , because people are awesome
campaign to allow a terminally ill marvel fan to watch an early screening of avengers endgame has succeeded ! link to tweet in comments .
india ' s medical tourism helping those with no access in war torn countries .
70 year old man collects 16 million tabs for the ronald mcdonald house charity
star trek: discovery fx team fulfills fans make a wish dream with amazing alien cosplay see photos
vietnam war memorial in venice ( ca ) reopens after restoration
blind missouri man safe thanks to sharp nosed dog
you can legally smoke weed naked on the patio of a southeast portland sex club
schoolchildren in scotland gave their goldfish a viking funeral
reddit i ask you for one favor , let her see this ! she deserves a smile
a retired teacher found some seahorses off long beach . then he built a secret world for them
bbc helped hong kong actor find his two half brothers
i was one of 50 volunteers challenged to transform a lifetime of electronic waste
belgium says loot boxes are gambling , wants them banned in europe
giant lego giraffe to be named after giraffe loving boy who died
this woman met her husband on a spontaneous bar crawl while on holiday and now they ' re together
sustainability without borders boulder based nonprofit works on environmental projects with palestinians and israelis
dems defeat gop in baseball game , give trophy to scalise
hole in the earth ' s ozone layer is finally closing up , nasa says
mr . trash wheel got his googly eyes !
pakistan ' s greatest female squash player stars in new documentary
ohio zoo calls in dog to care for abandoned tiger cub trio
hero big rig driver dies in fiery crash ' to avoid crashing into innocent people , ' sheriff says hvy journalists
these parents hoped to raise $1 , 500 for separated migrant families . theyve brought in $8 million .
widow finds long lost engagement ring on carrot in garden
my story: how i went from attempting suicide for my extreme disability to running 115 km in the impossible race
new federal task force created to accelerate cancer research , the goal is to double the rate of progress on treatment and prevention
6 year old boy speaks clearly for first time after dentist discovers he ' s tongue tied
ontario man proposes to girlfriend with a time capsule buried five years ago
french cyclist robert marchand sets new record aged 105
sully the service dog trains for his next mission helping veterans at walter reed
trump scores and wins big in china trade war
human chain forms to rescue couple from rip current in florida panhandle
chihuahua found by a drone after being trapped in an abandoned mine for 5 days .
shaw telecommunications donating $1 to bullying prevention programs for every post with the hashtag #pinkshirtpromise
stray pit bull steps in while woman was being attacked
campaign reminds people of rule that everyone is an organ donor unless they say no
a mysterious good samaritan who dropped a bunch of rare mexican gold coins in salvation army red kettles last year is back at it
who certifies paraguay malaria free
mystery donor leaves gift of 25 handmade dolls wearing hijabs
girl with alopecia wins competition with gorgeous jeweled head
hockey player paralyzed in humboldt accident returns to the ice .
this little boy ' s life was saved by an absolute stranger and now he ' s preparing to start school !
38% of india ' s population had access to toilets in 2014 . the government constructed 90million toilets and today 97 . 43% households have toilets . it is expected to hit 100% in a few months . this is one of the largest lifestyle improving achievements of this century . [the link shows live data]
delware: volunteers gather leftover items at firefly for homeless
' i ' m so proud of them ' : boys jump in to help school bus driver during medical emergency
students from unc are spending their spring break installing solar panels for low income families after learning how the panels work in the classroom . the panels will save the families nearly $300 a month .
how an eight year old boy invented a new word ( and how his awesome teacher helped him )
wild animals get care at private russian center
saoirse ronan and hundreds of celebrities support fur farming ban in ireland
air canada to cover flight of lovestruck michigan teen so he can meet his newfoundland girlfriend: the canadian airline tweeted friday it will fly 19 year old c . j . poirier to newfoundland after he launched a twitter campaign for 530 , 000 retweets to obtain the plane ticket .
naomi osaka ' s $8 . 5m adidas deal shows being a female athlete can pay
officer hailed as hero for racing toward gas explosion fireball to rescue worker
' marie kondo effect ' floods chicago area thrift stores with donations
today we proudly proclaim that in this state , we trust women . illinois signs abortion protection law .
gaza zoo ' s loneliest tiger finally gets the life he deserves
university of minnesotas proposed free speech protections would be the most comprehensive to date
park ranger furloughed during the government shutdown wins $29 . 5 million lottery jackpot
global executions fall 37% since 2015 , amnesty international says
woman carried her pitbull on her bike to safety from wildfire
mosque " vandalised " with messages of support
man runs races with his adopted son who has cerebral palsy . . . absolutely beautiful story
victory: dow agrosciences ends pesticide test on beagles following hsus undercover investigation
san clemente surfer rescues 7 boys from icy lake in new york city
new aid package approved by u . s . will deliver $6 . 8 billion in aid to storm battered puerto rico and virgin islands
5 elderly siblings living together show the true meaning of family
touching bbc story on how ballet took south africa ' s mthuthuzeli november to the world stage [starts 19:40] .
more women wearing colourful abayas in saudi arabia
all of you are beautiful , each and every one of you . yes , you !
love hopes all things
singapore dj mounts challenge of colonial era anti gay law
nine months ago rory coleman was paralysed but he has just completed the world ' s toughest race
how working the land is helping us war veterans heal
officer adopts homeless woman ' s baby daughter
portland teen signs contract with chicago bulls through make a wish
tokyo woman , 77 , leads charge to save elephants in vietnam forest
greyhound racing banned in nsw , australia . a great end to a sad story .
obama is returning to politics this fall , and trump isn ' t going to like it
endangered dolphin learns how to breathe despite blowhole deformity
good news for elephants: major ivory market will close
today in el salvador , water won out over gold
stranger buys $749 plane ticket for distraught father ' s toddler
nhs to save ' hundreds of millions ' in landmark drug ruling in england .
verizon donates $250 , 000 to support communities impacted by california wildfires
made my day
donated children ' s toys keep gorillas stimulated at memphis zoo
man wants to spend $5 million lottery prize on house for single mother who raised him while working 2 fast food jobs
pixie dust , cast , kids , &amp; bright smiles ( story inside1 )
its not cancer: doctors reclassify a thyroid tumor ( thousands of patients will be spared removal of their thyroid )
gilead pharmaceuticals to donate hiv prevention drug truvada to 200k uninsured patients for next 11 years to help prevent new hiv infections
a woman walking her dogs through a cemetery has escaped a would be rapist thanks to the fast action of her protective pets .
india is tackling its waste plastic problem by using it to build roads
teen says free high school heart screening saved his life
zero elephants poached in a year in one of africas largest wildlife parks
police officer helps calm down an autistic teen with history of violent behavior
this dog had been guarding the ruins of california home for a month after owner fled camp fire in paradise .
man ' s effort to keep the memory of his dog alive becomes a movement
how a beer at a uni bar sparked an idea that could help save millions
panic ! at the disco launches human rights organization
robin williams ' son welcomes first child and names him after late actor
the mountains , the books , a place of rest and reading: a colorado couple ' s quest to create a land library
innovative program brings millions to farmers while increasing access to fresh , local produce for low income shoppers
officers give xbox to boy whose home was burglarized
6 squirrels rescued from ordeal of tangled tails
what biggest crowdsourced fundraiser ever accomplished
iran has olympic breakthrough with its first female flagbearer who is a paralyzed athlete
germany provides most electricity from renewables for first time ever
dog assumed to have fallen off fishing trawler saved by workers on oil rig , 135 miles off thai coast
this man surprised dozens of homeless people with brand new tiny houses he built
those who lost everything in fire find a way to give thanks
the one clear result of finlands basic income trial: it made people happier
dog runs away , checks himself into daycare
#annasbirthdaywish fulfilled ! abc27 coverage recap of 3 years ' journey to legalize medical marijuana .
toy gun lost 63 years ago in dublin tree reunited with owner
indian doctor from bangalore designs less than 1$ device to give patients their lost voice back
first paralyzed human treated with stem cells has now regained his upper body movement
the family of 8 year old chess champion tanitoluwa tani adewumi will be able to move out of a homeless shelter and into an apartment thanks to a massive crowdfunding effort over the last few days .
rhino poacher trampled to death by elephant; remains eaten by lions
blind man runs new york half marathon with three guide dogs
lucky canadian couple wins lottery for the third time !
researchers who gathered in kalispell today said there now appear to be enough grizzly bears in the northern continental divide ecosystem to move toward taking that population off of the endangered species list .
china kicks out a french reporter for simply asking questions about terrorism
a lawrence wwii vet remembers the song he wrote for the girl back home; 72 years later , their love story endures
auschwitz survivor is world ' s oldest man guinness world records
driven by love: a foster mother in rural bangladesh devotes herself to raising 55 orphans
how one woman ' s decision to stop and listen stopped this homeless man from taking his life
denver council unanimously votes to ban cat declawing
father uses money he put away for daughter ' s wedding to build 90 apartments for the homeless
a dog in northern thailand has rescued a newborn baby after it was buried alive , allegedly by its teenage mother
the largest basic income experiment in history just launched in kenya
gumtree classifieds widower ray johnstone ' s wish granted with stradbroke island fishing trip
koala mom rescues joey caught on fence
gay and bisexual men convicted of now abolished sexual offences in england and wales are to receive posthumous pardons , the government has announced . thousands of living men convicted over consensual same sex relationships will also be eligible for the pardon .
17 , 000 indian doctors to deliver baby girls free of charge to challenge sexism in society
baby cow escapes slaughterhouse and is raised by deer family in snowy forest
a stranger in north india reuintes a memory lost man with his family in south india through traces of information found with him .
lawyer donates 31500 backpacks to school kids in detroit , 8k more than last year
alabama employee gets new car from boss after 20 mile walk
group of teen boys rescue 8 year old boy dangling from chairlift
lawyers behind india ' s landmark decision to decriminalize british era homosexuality laws come out as a couple .
school district packages and distributes unused cafeteria food for kids to ensure they dont go hungry over the weekend
boy gives every girl in his high school a carnation for valentine ' s day
vet clinic saves a dog infested with 100 , 000 fleas
morgan freeman converted his 124 acre ranch into a giant honeybee sanctuary to save the bees
court sides with arctic seals losing their sea ice habitat to climate change
8 , 000 fewer americans ask for unemployment benefits in sign of continued job market strength
there is a company in montreal that puts their work on hold during the holidays to help bring christmas to children in foster care and kids who have it hard during the holidays .
pennsylvania to close another prison as inmate ranks shrink
commencement speaker tells morehouse graduating class he ' ll pay off their student loan debt
british triathlete alistair brownlee chose to forgo gold at the world triathlon instead carrying his wobbling brother to the finish line for a second and third place finish .
new delhi woman defies gender bias by celebrating the birth of her granddaughter with a gift of a brand new car .
a new cancer drug shows even more promise: longer term data extends the good news about the immunotherapy drug that stopped jimmy carters cancer .
teen who crashed into bmw finds out why honesty is the best policy
new material for urban paving made from 100% waste products
buba bar: an effort to open the first cafe in croatia to employ people with disabilities , crowdfunding goal met in three days
laptop with late mother ' s video messages to 4 year old daughter returned one month later
couple pays $5 , 495 owed for lunches at marysville
beer company develops edible six pack rings that feed , rather than kill , marine life .
big issue seller marries woman he met when asking for change | uk news
jesuit school , defying archdiocese , refuses to remove teacher in same sex marriage
neighbours form human chain around house to stop eviction in easton , bristol
a doe on a hiking tour police brings back " daisy " ( photos enclosed ) in dormagen straberg , germany .
south korea grain silo becomes world ' s largest mural
african bicycle repair man uses his know how to help others create ingenious inventions at a workshop called twende . the inventions have a knock on positive effect for farmers , smallholders and children
italy ' s top court rules physical appearance ' irrelevant ' in rape cases the local
edmonton elementary students made a city out of cardboard after reading the book not a box
a charity that gives food and frees hostages
in 2 days , the u . s . navy is going to use dolphins to try to capture and protect severely endangered vaquitas in a last ditch effort to save the species from extinction
microsoft ' s $1 billion giveaway in cloud services to non profits
egyptian jews celebrate hanukkah holiday with the public for the first time in decades
officer saves almost 200 runza dessert coupons to treat kids at lincoln rec center . runza does him one better
japan ' s cliffside suicide vigilante has saved 500 lives
italy bans unvaccinated kids from school .
8 year old helps save mom week after dad dies
neighbors form human chain around immigrant family to prevent ice from taking them
canada makes it illegal to remove passengers from overbooked planes
solar energy has record start to 2019
doug jones defeats roy moore
u . k . court of appeal overturns ruling ordering mentally disabled woman to have abortion
instead of families having to drive 2 hours to pray , this mosque inside a church brings people together
thousands of people chipped in to help this dad find a new cup for his son with autism .
drug overdose deaths drop in u . s . for first time since 1990
once homeless teen gets full ride to harvard
walmart greeter who was going to lose his job after job description change gets new position
desi linden shows incredible sportsmanship in winning boston marathon
brooklyn couple saves stray kitten found while vacationing in cuba
nigerian man organizes trash cleanup in onitsha , nigeria , the world ' s most polluted city
heroes of shanghai starbucks blaze honoured by local government: coffee shop workers yu fenghua and ma xiao emptied 10 extinguishers tackling burning vehicle that crashed outside their workplace , injuring 18
9 year old battling cancer made honorary firefighter
pittsburgh plans to power itself with 100% renewable energy
humble ' s holiday jingle jam bundle donates 100% of proceeds to charity
florida inmates help save baby after father accidentally locks child in vehicle
florida man donates his 110th gallon on blood after 22 years of giving
san antonio brewery using beer to save lives
slovakia bans unvaccinated children from attending kindergarden
louisville garden helping homeless youth
i guess this isn ' t really news but it is uplifting non the less . a cat learns to love after losing her family .
evansville man has given away over 200 bicycles to kids
functional hiv cure step closer to reality with fda approval of clinical human trials
man saves an elderly woman stuck in car during the dawson creek flood .
now you can help save the environment by watching a bunch of porn
eight year old creates bookmark guide on how to talk to someone who stammers
after gawker ' s bankruptcy , founder nick denton is forced to sell his luxury nyc condo
dollywood adds calming room to help kids with sensory overloads
woman spends $500 to save her goldfish ' s life after it chokes on a pebble
children form human arrow to help police find burglary suspects
chobani offers to settle unpaid lunch debt at ri school district
comedian steve krause overcame his disability and made his dream a reality by climbing the " rocky steps " in philadelphia using only his back and neck .
6 year old gets to meet his space idol
karnataka ( indian state ) now produces more renewable energy than netherlands and denmark
cleaner in dubai finds bag with 15kg gold worth dh7m , returns it
pope opens free laundromat for rome ' s poor
trucker dying of heart attack steers truck off road to save others , two off duty medics bring him back to life and his first words were " did i hurt anybody ?
for the first time in its history , the gerber spokesbaby is a child with down syndrome
appeal for london fire victims inundated with offers of support we have already managed to fill a transit van with goods for families and we have only been collecting for a few hours . " they plan to collect as many items as they can items and have already been offered a free van for transporting
a rescue dog is now helping to save other ( much wilder ) dogs
stressed about flying ? this airport lets people play with adorable mini horses
driver stops bus to prevent woman from jumping off bridge
australian of the year 2019 goes to thai cave rescue divers richard harris and craig challen
firefighters and cowboys fight to rescue horse stuck in marsh
massachusetts house approved a bill requiring free birth control . the measure includes a provision requiring health insurers to continue offering coverage without co payments for prescription contraceptives regardless of changes in federal policy or any future repeal of the affordable care act .
greta thunberg tells trump to ' listen to the science ' after arriving in new york as it happened
woman texts wrong person an invite to thanksgiving , upholds the invite and lets the teen join her family for dinner .
the father who sacrificed so much to help his daughter chase her dreams
after an incident that made him lose his legs in 2001 , italian formula 1 driver , alex zanardi , wins his 3rd gold in h5 handcycling
sacha baron cohen and wife isla fisher give $1 million for syrian refugees
meet the boston doctor making house calls to the homeless
domestic abuse survivor marries the first responder who came to her rescue .
an 8 year old girl that suffered from stroke dies and her parents donate her body organs to save the lives of four people in need
herbalist who told diabetic boy to use lavender oil instead of insulin is jailed for his death
mountain lion in california tree ' rescued ' by firefighters
when it came time for this indianapolis teacher to choose a flower girl and ring bearer , the only kids who came to mind were her students . thats why marielle slagel keller of ips butler lab school invited her entire class to be in her recent wedding .
syrians rescue german far right candidate from car crash wreckage
baby survives after being born with heart outside her body
nintendo switch left on german airport bus returned to owner thanks to redditors
sixteen nurses pregnant at the same time at one hospital in arizona
police k 9 won ' t get into car without belly rub
dream come true " : l . a . rams surprise facility employee with super bowl tickets
americans gave a record 410 billion to charity last year .
passion for what they do drives western new yorks army of docents
teen girl rescued by good samaritans after snowmobile accident
the librarian who saved timbuktus cultural treasures from al qaeda x post from /r/books by /u/drock45
a deputy pulled over a car for speeding . that traffic stop saved a 12 day old baby ' s life
teen hits back at isis by sculpting nimrud ' s ruined artifacts , re creating statues that were systematically destroyed in iraq
girl ' s inoperable brain tumor disappears , doctors can ' t explain it
homeless australian man reunited with lost rat pet by police
' im here . everything is okay ' : mum captures her son comforting his four month old brother with terminal cancer .
elderly man rescues drowning boy , discovers he also saved the kids father 30 years ago
obama just created the largest marine reserve in the world
its a superpower: how walking makes us healthier , happier and brainier neuroscientist shane omara believes that plenty of regular walking unlocks the cognitive powers of the brain like nothing else . he explains why you should exchange your gym kit for a pair of comfy shoes and get strolling .
phoenix teen leaves school bus to rescue his dog from burning house
baby on board: lufthansa flight lands with extra passenger " this time the stork was surely a crane , " the airline said , referring to its logo of a crane bird .
the rescue of a baby reveals the incredible toll on those who save lives in syria
jon stewart saves a bull from the slaughterhouse
monique the hen sails the world with her loving owner , even giving him 6 or so eggs a week in thanks
scientists report that six people with severe spinal cord injuries three of them completely paralyzed have regained use of their hands and fingers for the first time in years after undergoing a nonsurgical , noninvasive spinal stimulation procedure the researchers developed .
family of autistic boy starts gofundme for grocery clerk , raises over $100 , 000
[uplifting end] social experiment shows how people treat person with cerebral palsy
pilot aborts take off so that grandparents can say final goodbye to dying grandson
missy elliott becomes first female hip hop artist inducted into songwriters hall of fame
neo nazis scrap montana anti jewish march after failing to get permit
their flight was delayed . so , they broke out an accordion and partied
how google cardboard saved a baby ' s life
rehtaeh parsons organ donation a mixed blessing for new brunswick recipient nova scotia
an 85 year old finished the 140 mile ironman triathlon in kona , setting new world championship age record
kids were asked about their definitions of love , and npr compiled a poem of the responses . ( poem begins at 4:30 )
for disabled cheerleaders , this squad is changing lives
students print 3d leg for duck
two women arrested after abducted 9 week old boy is found safe and well .
u . s . airports ease thanksgiving rush with friendly dogs
georgia man hold ' s cookout for evacuating floridians
school named after confederate general will be changed to barack obama elementary
ml nnun 1 . 6 mlln hectare mrn rttd r to nrv sharks . .
he found 15 books in a sierra dumpster . then he found out they belonged to thomas jefferson .
woman jailed for 10 years for making series of false rape claims
' handsome ' therapy duck a hit with flight passengers
for the first time in france and to our knowledge in the world , judicial authorities of a country have taken up a case of planned obsolescence , " hop lawyer emile meunier told afp .
by tapping marine current energy , a team of scientists is attempting to light up the lives of people living in remote islands of india .
ruth bader ginsburg up and working after surgery for lung cancer: supreme court justice , 85 , had surgery on friday to remove two malignant growths
a kansas man shot while intervening in an attack that killed one indian man and wounded another has received a big " thank you , " and $100 , 000 , for his efforts .
off duty nj correction officer rescues woman minutes before car explodes
' out of iraq ' : how two men found love in the midst of war
3 straphangers jump onto nyc subway tracks to save unconscious man
' miracle ' recovery for boy after meat skewer goes through head
airbnb makes all accommodations free to people fleeing hurricane florence and emergency workers
shanghai unveils worlds largest hydrogen refuelling station
millionaire buys all slaughterhouses after his dog was killed , and turn it into a shelter for stray dogs
jojo moyes steps in to save quick reads after literacy project loses funding
seattle vacates former marijuana convictions
more than 200 doomed puerto rico dogs saved by airlift to us
rescued dog and adorable baby make up a cute , inseparable duo
man falsely imprisoned for 10 years , uses prison library to study law and have his conviction overturned . becomes a lawyer and is now helping overturn other false convictions .
homeless man who returned $4 , 000 diamond engagement ring to woman who lost it had his life turned around
a young boys act of compassion inspires a community
r . kelly dropped by sony music
man proposes by text message while stranded at airport
neil armstrongs restored spacesuit put back on display at the smithsonians national air and space museum
hawaiian airlines flight attendant soothes crying child on late night flight
disabled rescue dog is overjoyed with his new wheels
philippines ' duterte signs law granting free public college
dwayne the rock johnson sends positive energy to terminally ill grandma
afghanistans malala: college student shot by taliban in 2016 graduates with honors
doctors collect rs 18 lakh to pay child ' s bill
morehouse grads already making plans to pay good fortune forward
local jeep club offering rides to work for nurses in need during snowstorm jonas
hundreds wait in line for hours to leave " i voted " stickers on susan b . anthony ' s gravestone
hundreds show up for cookout with oklahoma ' s ' sad papaw '
forests are spreading in the rich world . " in 1990 28% of spain was forested; now the proportion is 37% .
recovery process could add decades to north sea ' s lifespan
ex commando ' s first in uk to get license to grow high cbd cannabis sativa for cbd oils and cannabis . this is surely the sign of things to come . . .
student created charity sends medical supplies to the navajo nation
four brazilian dogs rescued from the street were trained to be " ball dogs " in a tennis tournament
a project called nuns and nones moved religion free millennials into a convent could be the solution for young people who need low income housing , and elder nuns who need care
jeopardy ! champ james holzhauer makes donation in alex trebeks name to naperville pancreatic cancer walk
the dalai lama and retired archbishop desmond tutu have written a book titled the book of joy
usns comfort floating hospital ship headed to puerto rico
foreigner buys new shoes for barefooted street kid
lesbian couple are expecting their second baby one year after ireland votes yes to gay marriage
jacinda ardern returns girl ' s ' dragon research ' bribe .
police officer finds , returns woman ' s purse containing atm cards worth n200m in value &amp; n1 . 8m necklace
18 year old who spent nearly 13 years in foster care adopted into forever home
freedom for research chimps: hercules and leo are released to a sanctuary
students surprise teacher with color correcting glasses
when a woman ' s car broke down , these teens pushed it five miles to her home
a wild turtle with a fractured shell at a us zoo had trouble moving , so a veterinary student designed and built a small wheelchair using lego pieces . the turtle appeared to like its new wheels . " he never even hesitated . he took off and has been doing great .
supreme court chief justice learned sign language to swear in deaf lawyers
puppy love: blind dog gets comfort from seeing eye pup companion
canadian movie theatre is offering free admission and food to 100+ local furloughed us government employees
germany tests its first ' electric highway ' for trucks
sean kirst: how a dollar on a high school wall led to 1 , 276 more
ex prisoner misses job interview to save a stranger ' s life .
a 6 year old was swept out to sea , and a group of brothers dove in after her
teen compton pilot flies around country , now wants to circle globe
toddler saved dad during a stroke by facetiming mom , who ' s a nurse
minnesota police officer gets out of squad car to dance with 92 year old
surrogate says she became pregnant with her own child while carrying another baby
wedding held in icu to allow a cancer patient to witness her daughter ' s wedding .
hundreds of bikers escort bullied 10 year old boy to school
former comelec janitor to lawyer dreams come true at 2016 bar exams
man receives congratulatory telegram 50 years after graduating college
footprints in the snow lead to an emotional rescue
compasses to point true north for first time in 360 years
animal rights activists score win at barcelona zoo
us congressman to withdraw hr 621 , a bill that would have sold off hundreds of thousands of acres of federal public land .
less damage to ancient palmyra than feared , syrian antiquities chief says
india sees 32 percent decline in hiv infections in 2015
arthur " character comes out as gay , gets married in season 22 premiere
muslim #mercy4mankind runners raise almost 500 , 000 for charity
ex army sniper takes out neighbor ' s intruder from bedroom window
have wheelchair will travel website fosters a community keen for adventure
five year old calls 911 to invite florida police officers for thanksgiving dinner
ireland set to have its first openly gay prime minister , leo varadkar
wisdom , the worlds oldest known breeding bird in the wild , continues to amaze the world . at the approximate age of 67 , the seasoned , female laysan albatross has once again returned to midway atoll national wildlife refuge and laid an egg .
9 year old british girl who sent a message to santa on a balloon receives a box of gifts months laters on christmas eve from an austrian family around 800 miles away
robotic suit to help elderly stand up and sit down
jennifer lopez ' s adorable twins emme and max play ' ask me anything ' with their famous mama
a 132 year old lobster has been released into the ocean . louie the lobster spent the last 20 years living in a clam bars tank .
couple ' s kind act for homeless man in tent warms internet hearts
u . s . embassies defy trump admin policy and fly rainbow flag for pride
this very good dog found a way to get strangers to play fetch with her
young girl succeeds despite having a basketball for a body
there are far more gorillas left in the world than previously thought , according to a landmark new survey , with numbers as much as double earlier estimates . however , their populations are continuing to fall fast , down 20% in just eight years , leaving them critically endangered .
facebook donates $1 million to aid victims of catastrophic earthquake in mexico .
uk runs without coal power for three days in a row
every senior at this struggling high school was accepted to college
homeless sisters head to junior olympics , mom gets surprise plane ticket
tobacco mea culpa: companies to run ' corrective statements ' on smoking: tobacco companies have delayed correcting false statements for eleven years since a federal court ordered them to do so , and now will finally run ads .
teenage boys wear skirts to school to protest against ' no shorts ' policy
in the lab with xboxs new adaptive controller , which may change gaming forever | ars technica
senior man survives his fishing buddy , gets call out on gumtree for a new one answered by young guy who flies him out of state for all expense paid fishing trip , now has a new fishing pal .
' irishman dies from stubbornness , whiskey ' man ' s hilarious obituary goes viral
news so uplifting i sung im coming out
colorado dog , believed dead , rescued on mount bross
instagram story emoji sliders are not anonymous
cbs evening news anchor cuts salary by 1$ million to save co workers ' jobs
dog to be fitted with prosthetic limbs after lawnmower accident
us solar grows 95% in 2016 in record breaking year
1 , 000 free ice creams given by 72 y/o man to celebrate his birthday again ! ( crosspost ) uncle selling ice cream at train station decides to give free ice cream on his birthday .
astronauts successfully grow first flower in space
generous customer gives waitress $500 after learning she needs new hearing aid
muslims fundraise to repair vandalized jewish cemetery
' chainsaw nun ' who helped cleanup after hurricane irma honored by miami heat
stuffed animal saves massachusetts toddler in two story fall
$184k donated to homeless teen who biked 50 miles to register for college
a chinese technology billionaire is offering the world ' s most valuable education prize . the yidan prize will award nearly $8m ( 6 . 64m ) every year to two research projects that have the potential to " transform " global education .
eastern shore waterfowl hunter is in stable condition today at maryland shock trauma center after he was knocked unconscious by a dead goose falling from the sky .
stolen wallet returned to veteran , $700 left inside
good samaritans are rock stars in this classroom
meet the foster mom who kept a family together by adopting six sisters
funeral of murdered british backpacker to include passage from the qur ' an
funky buddha brewery has brewed a beer called florida rebuilds , a blonde ale made with key limes , &amp; will donate all sales to the national non profit children of restaurant employees . the charity aids the families &amp; children of food and beverage employees facing a life altering circumstance .
girls make a solar powered tent for homeless people
sea cow population is rebounding in the great barrier reef
refugees welcome sign unfurled on the statue of liberty
nine year old chess prodigy told he can stay in uk
more than 2 million australians will receive a pay rise after the fair work commission increased the national minimum wage by 3 . 5 per cent , to $719 . 20 a week . the increase amounts to an extra $24 . 30 a week . the new hourly minimum rate of $18 . 93 will take effect from july 1 .
the kansas city royals give a grieving family their best day since their worst day
police diver adopts dog rescued from icy lake
minnesota beer truck driver talks distressed man off bridge , offers him a drink
the orange order in fermanagh has " reached crisis point with a declining membership that is ageing . . . and has never been at a lower ebb " writes member
cavs owner dan gilbert giving nba championship rings to janitors , food vendors , police at the q
pakistans parliament is now the first parliament in the world to be completely powered by solar energy .
dad bikes 1 , 400 miles to hear deceased daughter ' s heartbeat on father ' s day
scientists from denmark have discovered ' reverse photosynthesis ' this is amazing news for the environment !
dog saves wedding party from suicide bomber in nigeria
federal judge blocks trump ' s transgender military ban
taiwan ' s high court rules same sex marriage is legal , in a first for asia
lab who lost puppies adopts puppies who lost mom
invisible staff lives changed by georgetown student
family return home to find walls covered in blood after dog attacks intruder
ubisoft donates 500 , 000 for reconstruction of notre dame , gives away assassin ' s creed unity for free for one week
the former ' killing factory ' for ukrainian strays that became a sanctuary
this couples wedding was falling apart . then an unlikely person stepped up to save the ceremony .
2 saratoga beer companies team up to help children in need
botswana scraps gay sex laws in big victory for lgbtq rights in africa
my community came together to buy a new bike for a woman who had hers stolen . she lives with cerebral palsy and used her bike as transportation to all destinations .
compared with 1990 there are 17 , 000 fewer child deaths every day . this is equivalent to averting the crashes of 27 jumbo jets full of children every single day . ( xpost r/dataisbeautiful )
don t know if this s a repost or not . . . it just cheered me up
cctv store footage captures passerby cleaning up vandals ' mess
the kindness of strangers during hurricane harvey .
wounded british soldier shuts up anti muslim racists with epic message
chandler honors 13 year old who saved coach ' s life with cpr
hurricane harvey: wwii plane returns to action to help victims
im very proud of you: obama meets 6 year old who wrote to him about adopting syrian boy
baby delivered at florida state fair with help from deputies .
teen overcomes incredible odds to become valedictorian , attend college
elderly man learns to do wife ' s makeup before she turns blind
india becomes second largest solar market; installs 4 . 9 gw in h1
this robot will hunt lionfish to save coral reefs
helping the village where one in four is disabled
a flash mob choir at the women ' s march turned this unknown song into an anthem
senate passes criminal justice reform bill , reducing sentences for " third strike " offenders
good samaritans rescue man from burning car before ems even had time to arrive
offers of help for man accused of leaving 5 children alone while he went to work
two women and their dogs rescued after 5 months adrift in the pacific
home depot co founder donates $100m as part of free med school initiative
a young athlete from honolulu who is living with type 1 diabetes says he ' s standing up to his disease to help make a difference for others . using social media to spread the word , 11 year old maxim speed a sixth grader at nimitz elementary school has already helped raise $100 , 000 for charity .
the doctor who claimed that there was a link between autism and vaccines had his medical licence removed when he was found to have fabricated evidence .
princeton professor publishes his " cv of failures
a janitor secretly amassed an $8 million fortune and left most of it to his library and hospital
ubisoft montreal contributes to the restoration of notre dame
ontario mom given 25 handmade hijabi dolls by mystery donor
butt lifting underwear isnt just for women
nearly 1 , 700 suspected child sex predators arrested during operation broken heart
stockton , ca gets a bad reputation . in a time where people are struggling , this was uplifting to see .
the north sea wind power hub , an artificial island in the north sea that could supply renewable energy to 80 million people in europe is set to open in 2027 . the hub will send electricity via long distance cables to six european countries .
mum born with two vaginas gives birth to ' miracle ' babies conceived in separate wombs
stranded dog rescued from side of connecticut cliff
chile just converted 11 million acres into new national parks
dna leads to arrest in half century old cold case murder of 11 year old california girl .
hundreds of students serenade teacher battling cancer
an entire town , in illinois , has helped a terminally ill farmer harvest his crops
new sandy hook school unveiled
8 year old misses turn , " accidentally " wins 10k race ( for his age group )
florida couple gets to keep home ' s ' starry ' paint job; mayor must publicly apologize for $10 , 000 fine
loving mom designs special harness that allows disabled children to walk
mumbai bans plastic
a japanese ice cream maker deeply apologizes for raising prices by 9 cents , its first price hike in 25 years , in a country whose economy has flat lined for decades .
happy ending for boy who ' stole ' dog hugs
watching nature documentaries makes us ridiculously happy
7 amazing ( and unexpected ) benefits of travel
50 cent sells his mansion , donates all $2 . 9m to charity
college student saves 80 year old woman from burning house: the lord put him here for that reason
washington state ' s governor bans employees from helping donald trump ' s immigration crackdown
virginia news boy leaves gatorade , water for mailman during heatwave
patriots fan donates kidney to eagles fan
buffett donates $3 . 17 billion to gates charity , four others
meet mosha , the elephant with a prosthetic leg
waste warrior youth tackle fishing line pollution to prevent coastal wildlife harm
gov . david ige signed three bills monday in an effort to reduce carbon emissions , one of which set a goal of making hawaii a zero emissions clean economy by 2045 . house bill 2182 aims to make hawaii carbon neutral in just 27 years .
painted dog day: potawatomi zoo event dedicated to endangered africa carnivore
history of all four competitive stroke
the simple words from a stranger that convinced a suicidal man to keep living
an anonymous bitcoin millionaire is giving away $86 million to charities
argentine footballers help nigerian teammate raise funds to visit mother
you could be allowed to break the windows of hot cars with dogs inside under new ca law
kentucky bill allows people to save pets from hot cars without paying for damage
stoners on reddit are trying to mobilize a litter clean up initiative
watch: military mom teams up with santa for sweet homecoming surprise
new zealand prime minister jacinda ardern: having a baby around changes the tone a little bit
ibm takes out full page ads against texas ' bathroom bill '
man battles cancer , loses sight in one eye . . . then wins r17m lotto jackpot
elderly lab mix wins top award at first american rescue dog show
amazon might just do something for their workers for once .
this horse helped a non verbal boy with autism say his first ever words
teacher gets walked down the aisle at her wedding by 20 of her students
herb kohl , former owner of the milwaukee bucks , gave away $10 million to his former employees when he sold the team . " wealth is meant to be paid forward , " said kohl .
mayra rosales losses 800 lbs with in 5 years . . and make the impossible possible .
my beautiful daughter turns 10 today ! a couple of years ago she was bit in the face by a dog . all she asked for her birthday this year was toys/donations which she gave to our local humane society . so proud of her !
' hero ' hong kong policeman praised after talking a man out of committing suicide
this fella has been through a lot . he deserves all the boops !
gov . bill haslam exonerates wilson county man wrongfully convicted of rape .
oregon wineries participate in fundraiser to support california relief funds
over 1 , 400 galapagos land iguanas were successfully released onto santiago island , where they were wiped out by invasive species almost 200 years ago . the last sighting of one was made on the island by charles darwin in 1835 .
75 year old man flooded with offers when he advertises on gumtree for someone to fish with , after his old fishing buddy passed away
everton football club ' s under 23 squad help buy house for homeless
87 year old grandma creates awe inspiring ms paint art
artist reconnects with his mom with dementia through his camera
pokemon beats porn sites in terms of popularity
disabled woman calls detective who donated wheelchair her ' guardian angel '
aussie mum creates breastfeeding barbie to erase stigma
a new zealand man has been discharged without conviction for supplying medicinal cannabis to thousands of sick people .
obama confirms taliban leader ' s death in us strike
chicago woman got 30 hotel rooms for homeless people during severe cold snap
rescue dog frida saves lives of 12 people after mexico earthquakes
a supermarket worker placed his jacket over a small dog left outside when it started to rain
ebay seller touches a mothers heart after learning their family lost everything in the wildfires
illinois republican becomes first in party to back lgbt rights bill
hotel gives out environmental friendly sunscreen to protect hawaii ' s coral reefs " coral bleaching is especially happening in areas that are very popular with tourists in part due to sunscreen that contains a chemical called oxybenzone .
formula drift organizes charity ebay auctions for the hurricane affected
this scottish surgeon walked 3 hours in the snow to perform a much needed surgery
man transformed a $5 , 000 truck into mobile showers for the homeless
shkreli resigns as turing pharma ceo
there is a good chance we can help cure a disease together . hunter ' s syndrome has a genetic cure but needs funding . please help these kids !
12 congolese fighters , including a member of parliament , are convicted of raping 37 toddlers and young girls in a landmark case that lawmakers hope will deter potential future perpetrators
til john mccain ' s 106 year old mother was once told she was too old to rent a car in europe so she bought a peugeot
how cny teacher built prosthetic hand for student and changed her life ( video )
12 year old philanthropist spends free time helping less fortunate
a 5 year old was teased for looking like a boy . so her teacher chopped off her own hair to show support
ernesto rodriguez walked across the u . s . to save fellow veterans ' lives
toronto man with mental health problems , missing for 5 years , found wandering in brazil
thanks to this afghan woman , 6 , 000 imams have taken gender sensitivity training
97 year old ww2 veteran turned to internet to see his favorite team play in the world series . internet raises enough but wealthy business man pays for the tickets and all money raised is donated to the purple heart foundation instead .
love for music knows no limits: fingerless pianist performs incredible pieces in russia
#doglove ( dogs don ' t discriminate )
hiv/aids , its causes transmission , symptoms , myths , treatment , prevention .
man who intervened in kansas shooting rewarded $100k
catalan women vote for topless bathing
2 chainz donates proceeds from clothing line to homeless veterans
i found my birth parents in russia for the first time using social media . now i ' m helping others do the same .
nasa ' s ' holy grail ' : entire solar system that could support alien life discovered
day after sister ' s death , isaiah thomas plays for celtics
crews resuscitate dog named lucky after candle sparks pasadena house fire
4 year old girl with spina bifida walks for first time as her friends cheer her on
105 year old man finally receives college diploma
the library of congress has made a free online collection of a hundred children ' s books from a century or more ago available online
facebook won ' t help build a muslim registry
optimists live longer !
postal workers given police escorts to deliver on a street where they get threatened and abused
third dog found alive in rubble two days after collapse
researchers at mit have developed a device and software that could figure out exactly how much power is being used by every appliance , lighting fixture , and device in a home , with pinpoint accuracy and at low cost
a pro life and a pro choice protest collided . there was singing and hugs .
1958 forestry class donates over $100k for open doors scholarship
japanese cafe uses robots controlled by paralysed people
fort drum soldiers intervene at watertown bar to help impaired woman
scotland generating enough wind energy to power two scotlands
uplift your positive vibes levels of consciousness
georgia firefighter defies odds , returns to work after being shot 14 times
no more money , please: ' ice creamcycle dude ' giving away ice cream as fast as he can
rays collect four truck loads of donations for hurricane michael victims
anti defamation league donations spiked 1 , 000% after charlottesville
tree planting wooden watch startup tackles carbon emissions
dancing guy picking up trash is the hero milwaukee needs ( crosspost from r/milwaukee )
illinois farm bureau donates enough money to provide almost 100 , 000 meals to local food bank
as an 8 year old , doctors removed half of her brain . 20 years later she ' s thriving and doing something she could have never imagined bowling .
google cardboard saves baby ' s life
find inner peace the fun way by playing cards against anxiety
firefighter adopts baby he delivered on emergency call
brewery invents edible 6 pack rings designed to feed marine life instead of killing it if they end up in the ocean
beating the odds , teenage friends become entrepreneurs ( one of them is blind )
hooters girl donates kidney to customer she had only known for 3 months both doing great !
sacha baron cohen donates 670 , 000 for syria
alabama passes bill requiring chemical castration for certain child molesters
cake decorator with autism: thank you for being kind
government to ban single use plastics as early as 2021: plastic straws , cotton swabs , drink stirrers , plates , cutlery , plastic bags all on the list
cedar rapids 8th grader makes more than 800 valentines for her school
new super strong antibiotic developed to counter the rise of multi resistant bacteria
girl in iconic hurricane katrina photo going to jrotc ball with air force rescuer
robert downey jr makes terminally ill boy ' s dream come true . aaron hunter posted a video online pleading to meet iron man . to his surprise , after the #aaronneedsironman campaign went viral , the avengers star facetimed him .
south carolina teacher creates ' gentleman ' s club ' in school to teach young boys who don ' t have a father in their lives how to be gentleman
columbus cashier celebrates her 100th birthday
miracle on the mathews; dog survives fall from bridge
adopted daughter to save father ' s life with kidney transplant
remember this little boy who was left by his parents to die ? well , today was his first day of school with his new foster mommy !
man stuck between walls says he thought he wasn ' t going to make it: tens of thousands of people were transfixed friday afternoon when a man got himself wedged between two walls near ala moana for more than three hours until firefighters came to his rescue .
inside the muslim sports community that ' s as american as the dallas cowboys
guitarist jeffrey marshall shreds with no arms . but hes not here to inspire you .
stockholm ' s central station plans to harness the body warmth of 250 , 000 daily commuters to produce heating for a nearby office block . the body heat would warm up water that would in turn be pumped through pipes over to a new office block .
after finding his doppelganger , kansas city man is freed from prison
' angels ' to block westboro baptist church ' s protest at orlando memorial
100 isis terrorists trapped in ramadi underground tunnels
the ' storybook ' 73 year marriage of barbara and george hw bush
teenage girls , branded by pimps or boyfriends , get fresh start at edmonton tattoo studio
nevada becomes fifth us state to allow cannabis sales for recreational purposes
man ' s remains returned to family by bartlesville , ok sanitation workers
bizarre ' fognado ' engulfs californian beach , causing temperatures to plummet , before disappearing seconds later
minnesota man with cerebral palsy who ' s wheelchair bound and his father quest to see 500 bands in 356 days . . . they made 450 .
puppy that collapsed on walk is saved with overdose antidote
south korea president adopts meat farm rescue dog
chance the rapper donates 30 , 000 backpacks to school kids
man reunited with missing dog after more than two years
what happens after we die ? keanu reeves ' profound answer becomes viral hit video
sarah silverman ' s inspiring response to a troll
homeless south florida man reunites with family after 40 years
he saved my life: plane crashes on firefighters car , firefighter jumps into action
twins separated in marathon surgery in westchester
' carpe century ' : 50 reasons we ' re living in the greatest period in world history . we ' ve got it made . be thankful .
drake gives two mcdonalds workers $10 , 000 a piece
new jersey man first in u . s . to use iphone to control parkinsons disease
quick thinking iowa hoops coach grabs wheel , stops team bus after driver passes out
first permanent road to arctic coast set to open: replacing a seasonal ice road , the new highway is the country ' s first permanent link to its arctic coast .
february storms soak california with 18 trillion gallons of water
flight returns to airport after mom left her baby in the waiting area
alaska airlines today made history flying the first commercial flight using the worlds first renewable , alternative jet fuel made from forest residuals , the limbs and branches that remain after the harvesting of managed forests .
the michigan based mitten brewing company paid off school district ' s entire school lunch debt
veterans ' arts competition saved man from suicide
dementia will soon be controlled just like hiv , says research institute
this woman wants to be a stand in mom for lgbtq couples who face family rejection
these wounded special operations vets are hunting child predators
chinese lion dance troupe leaping into lunar new year
woman keeps ' house trained ' pet bee and even ' cuddles ' it
tiny english village of 700 people email the emir of dubai for 90 , 000 to save their chapel . . . and he said yes
passengers overhear teacher talking about low income students , give her more than $500 in cash
calgary mom changes tattoo for her transgender son
rodney smith is traveling and mowing lawns ( for free ) for the elderly , single moms , and veterans in every state this summer .
cat abandoned in old age finds loving home and amazing bucket list adventure
massive birthday party held for treasure coast boy with autism ( our latest crowdfunnit anti bullying party )
delta throws multi airport pizza party after canceling 300 flights due to weather
ohio shelter ' s ' holiday sleepover ' program helps local dogs find forever homes
for first time nhl hockey game will be called in the plains cree language in canada
spring officially arrived in tokyo on saturday as japan ' s weather agency declared the start of the cherry blossom season , prompting viewers to party under the trees with cherry related items flooding the capital .
ontario to provide life saving health care to children affected by u . s . travel ban
firefighters widow surprised by the fire department on her 100th b day
9 year old boy sells lemonade to pay for his own adoption
tom: i found someone to repair your typewriter collection
13 rescue puppies get new names picked by michigan breweries
messy olympics raise donations for summer camp program
pope francis pleads for migrants at christmas eve mass
a canadian member of parliament diagnosed with a disease that has taken his voice was honoured as " speaker for a day " in the house of commons .
in collaboration with china ' s ministry of commerce , the province of cienfuegos in cuba will soon increase its solar energy generation capacity to 16 megawatts per hour . the cuban government aims at producing 24 percent of the country ' s electricity from renewable sources by 2030 .
biker gangs across new zealand have promised to stand guard outside of the country ' s mosques for first friday prayer since massacre
mcdonald ' s plans to drop foam packaging globally by 2019 and will also switch to packaging made from recycled materials in every location by 2020 .
fellow students bring the prom to a teen who is battling cancer and too sick to go to the prom .
13 year old girl nicknamed ' trash girl ' was regularly bullied for collecting trash on her way to school . on friday she is to recieve a points of light award award granted from prime minister theresa may .
slavoj zizek: ' humanity is ok , but 99% of people are boring idiots '
sanitation helps woman find rings she accidentally tossed in the trash
a black lab named eclipse is a regular solo rider to a nearby dog park with her bus pass attached to her harness . her owner meets her there .
a 16 year old british girl earns 48 , 000 helping chinese people name their babies
two sisters meet after 70 years .
apple , google , microsoft , and amazon will continue to fight climate change despite trumps order
a 9 , 500% stock surge turns janitors into millionaires in china
extreme poverty dropping rapidly around the world
dads help get schools ready for new year
dying mother gets to watch son graduate from high school in special hospital ceremony
this woman threw herself in front of a speeding car to save a child
street kids find and return stolen bag of cash
pensioner who hadn ' t washed for 13 years has her life transformed after a kind hearted neighbour spent 60 hours cleaning her flat
rival gangs band together to build playground
boy holds ' thank you ' party for police rather than celebrate birthday
mark zuckerberg is selling up to $13 billion of facebook stock to fund an ambitious project to end disease
real world case of " memento " as 30 year old man re discovers himself .
bagpipe band from rocky dances the line between old and new with ' bagpop '
this national stadium was occupied by the islamic militant group al shabaab until 2011 . now , it will return to a place for sports .
tech students fostering puppies until they are old enough to trained by " guide dogs for the blind
berlin hires migrant women to help families beyond social workers reach
nine year old blind girl one step closer to music dream
five year old boy with terminal cancer receives 28 , 000 christmas cards in one day from soccer fans
die hard fan who took out full page ad in the hollywood reporter gets film deal .
mechanic modifies and donates car to help pay for surgery to allow young refugee girl to walk for the first time
bear jumps for joy after being rescued from bile farm a bear who was rescued from a bile farm was caught on camera jumping for joy while taking a dip in a pool in vietnam for the first time .
the pope on panhandling: give without worry
no joke: workers save colleague during cardiac arrest
disabled pensioner alan barnes offers to pay full pr bill of woman who raised 330 , 000 for him after he was attacked .
eagles of death metal join u2 on stage in paris to perform for the first time since attacks
france rescues 1 , 600 campers from floods
furry friends helping veterans transition back to civilian life
the world ' s largest and furthest offshore wind farm just came online: the massive wind farm currently has 50 of its 174 turbines spinning . when completed , the project will have a generating capacity of 1 . 2 gigawatts , more than double the capacity of the current largest offshore wind installation .
army veteran rescues bald eagle stuck in tree . this is a true , yankee doodle dandy , uplifting story .
georgetown students help free prisoner wrongfully convicted of murder .
thousands of low income young people are using minecraft to redesign their cities
missing umd student kaitlyn george found
irish and swedish fans are having the mother of all parties in paris
endangered rhino numbers soar by 1 , 000% in tanzania after crackdown on poaching gangs
cops get called for a noise complaint , find people playing smash bros . ultimate , and join in on the fun
cubs world series celebration ranks as 7th largest gathering in human history
esther the wonder pig is having a great recovery !
wayward leopard rescued from bottom of well
maine becomes the first state to ban styrofoam
2018 nobel prize in medicine goes to 2 scientists who discovered a new way for treatment of cancer by unleashing immune system to fight tumors
an american soldier has given her invictus games gold medal to the hospital team that saved her life . she also paid tribute to the nhs and said: " thank you , i ' ll never be able to repay you , but what you ' re doing is wonderful .
this guy knits sweaters of famous places then takes pictures of himself visiting those places . also , he ' s awesome .
fashion brand moschino releases a line of teddy bear makeup
high school students host senior prom for elderly residents at nursing home
tears flow as 88 year old finally meets daughter she thought had died in birth
officer who breastfed abandoned newborn credited with saving her life
homeless man helps stranger who couldn ' t eat at fazenda because of dress code
indias first planned eco tourism destination is full of scenic surprises
heroin like fish venom could help in development of new painkillers
trainy mctrainface: swedish railway keeps boaty ' s legacy alive
a boy in my town is fighting cancer . for his 15th birthday he just wants postcards .
local mayor takes 50 percent pay cut to balance budgets .
' 10 blokes ' lift car off woman after vehicle ploughs onto netball court
teen invents ' sit with us ' app so no high schooler has to eat alone
a kerala phd scholar thanking her poor father for educating her is moving the internet to tears
a guy sets up a facebook page for disabled children to share their stories . it ' s just hit it a million subscribers .
costa rica went 300 days on renewable energy alone , braking their own renewable energy record .
danny trejo saves baby after car crash
tiny human sent a note to her passed mawmaw , response from a kind stranger .
mccarthy ' s only ambulance was vandalized . so a wisconsin tourist bought the town a new one .
specialised care home in ottawa brings homeless people blighted with severe alcoholism off the streets and aims to rehabilitate with hourly servings of wine
47 feet long blue whale rescued in india
city wont let veterans stay homeless , builds tiny homes . gives them to vets for free
us olympian gus kenworthy rescues 90 dogs from korean dog meat farm
jay leno surprises disabled vet with george h . w . bushs service car
worlds first non rectangular soccer fields activate asymmetrical spaces " this project provides much needed places to play in dense cities where conventional lots are hard to find .
for the past 20 years , vuong has been searching for the crew that rescued her and 61 others to escape , today she found them .
nurses grant dying man final wish: a cigarette and glass of wine watching the sunset
los angeles cat wins lifetime supply of pet food after saving boy from dog attack
new dad gets surprise after driving burning car out of washington hospital parking garage when his car caught fire next to 20 30 other cars he said , ' this ain ' t happening here ' .
skateboarder wins hearths with apology note
buenos aires zoo to close after 140 years: ' captivity is degrading '
a chance encounter brings a new purpose in life .
china ' s sea rice can feed up to 200 m people .
bbc expert ' s live television interview on south korea gatecrashed by his children
state of the art climate model shows how we can solve crisis
building our own system of internet is possible and it may be the counter the federal government wasnt prepared for .
man can ' t stop adopting elderly dogs , other animals: ' there ' s something so special about the old ones '
baton rouge flood victims moved to tears after ultimate christmas surprise
my neighbor ' s house burned down on friday night , the community raised almost $28 , 000 in 48 hours to support them .
girl with asperger ' s gets donations of toilet paper after asking santa for them so she can build an igloo .
jayme closs to receive $25 , 000 in reward money for rescuing herself
once homeless man received 3 degrees at ua commencement
after health scare , fiona the baby hippo goes for a dip
christchurch mosque shooting victims receive $2 . 1m donation from chinese visitors
cats of new york have high hopes of bid to criminalise the extraction of their claws
400 , 000 people from 1500 villages across saurashtra , india take out rallies in support of lion conversation on world lion day; there are over 500 lions spread across saurashtra region in gujarat state , india
abandoned dog dragging 6 pound tumor gets second chance at life
manatees officially no longer an " endangered " species .
22 year old guy saves a stranger ' s life by donating his liver
homeless woman proves social security owes her $100k
looking back on 100 years , holocaust survivor sees a life of ' miracles '
distraught manchester united fan who travelled from sierra leone to old trafford to watch his first match , only for it to be cancelled . people arranged a ticket for him to watch his team in the cup final .
southeast asia starts to dump single use plastics
homeless veterans in milwaukee find therapy in taking photos
corona beer founder makes everyone in his village a millionaire after leaving money in will
ukraine holds its largest gay pride event . thousands have marched through the ukrainian capital for its annual gay pride event , the largest and most peaceful the country has seen .
reddit , meet sparky the bison . he survived a lightning strike .
italian teams restore damaged busts from ancient syrian city
largest hospital move in canada slashed superbug infections
syrian refugee in germany finds $166 , 000 in cupboard , gives it back
seal pup reunites with mom at carmel cove
south africans open their wallets to help athlete injured in chainsaw attack .
stuart edge: giving beds to homeless dogs
southwest airlines ' first black pilot takes final ride of 36 year career
montreal ' s ' ugly ' christmas tree draws in spectators
meet the woman who is singlehandedly buying homes for melbournes homeless
terminal cancer finds new home for dog .
google glass is helping kids with autism socialize
[policy &amp; economy] india to replace largest denomination bills in attempt to stop corruption and underground economy
chided in the west , cave rescued coach is seen as saintly in thailand
australia pledges cash to save declining koala population
school successfully replaces detention with a mindful meditation room ( x post /r/psychology )
congratulations april ! world famous ny giraffe gives birth
despite the headlines , the world made incredible progress in 2018
social media helps connect california man with family treasure lost in waikiki decades ago
mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity
good samaritan driver revives squirrel after car scare
as crime dries up , japan ' s police hunt for what to do
girl came back to life when her sister blew a raspberry
96 year old kerala woman scores 98 per cent in literacy test , wants to learn computer
mystery diner ' s good deed: lunch free for officers
lakota youth head out on search and rescue mission on horseback
lebron james just donated $41 million to send 1 , 100 kids to college
a philadelphia man who has been exonerated and freed from prison 24 years after he was found guilty of a murder he did not commit insists he holds no grudges over his conviction , " i don ' t got no animosity towards nobody . what for ? " said mr thomas . life ' s too short for that . i just move on forward " .
story of flight attendants who help man transporting wife ' s ashes moves japanese twitter to tears
the va cant provide cannabis to veterans with ptsd , so this group gives it out for free
' don ' t let us down ' : judge reunites with middle school classmate as he ' s released from jail after she first recognized him when he appeared before her in court
dog missing for 5 years reunited with connecticut family
' bored stiff ' pensioner , 89 , seeks job
police officer plays crossing guard for a duck and her ducklings
golden retriever gives birth to green puppy
renewable energy providing more electricity than coal and nuclear power combined in germany
puyallup high school students found out their teacher was battling cancer for the third and likely final time , they helped create a bucket list for her to carry out by the end of the school year .
chik fil a does open on sundays . . . for a very good reason
this guy turned his failure on ' shark tank ' into a $28 million investment from richard branson ( x post from /r/getmotivated )
google . org is devoting $50 million in grants to help close the education gap
anna ' s best friend: miraculous story of a houston rescue pup
marguerite comeau: an interview with an aspergers model
local charity donates $92k towards treatment for veterans suffering from ptsd
' spiderman ' granted french citizenship after rescuing child from paris balcony
chef jose andres: the man feeding 1 . 5 million hungry in puerto rico , while trump shoots loafs of bread into crowds and brags about it .
vaping success stories from reddit that strike a cord
mum posts photo of c section scar to reassure expectant mothers
ok school giving out free lunch to kids for the summer
after denver hired homeless people to shovel mulch and perform other day labor , more than 100 landed regular jobs
how frozen ' s elsa helped a little girl with albinism
stray dog is taken in by monestary and christened " friar mustache
5 year old boy revived after boat capsizes off san francisco
newborn infant left in safe haven box at indiana fire department
toddler with rare liver disease needed a liver . . . so her new nanny donated part of hers .
man clones old growth redwoods , plants them in safe places
india to add a record level of solar power capacity in 2019 , nearly 14 gigawatts
dc child who mixed up petco and pepco gets hamster anyway
want to hang with a dog for a day ? a new program will let you do it , no strings attached
happy end .
official attempt at breaking the world record on worlds oceans day to beat the record of the number of different nationalities at one beach clean .
tesla signs deal with australia to turn 50 , 000 homes into power generators at no cost to residents
teenage entrepreneur raises over $17 , 000 for lawn care dream business
sir david attenborough urges british public to join butterfly count and highlights mental health benefits of wildlife
hundreds of volunteers man up for dads ' breakfast at south dallas school for students without a father figure
uphill battle with cancer leads man to climb tallest peakswith one lung
kentucky second grader with down syndrome qualifies for regional spelling bee
the story about penguin the magpie . : )
xpost the underground smuggling ring that gets kittens out of palestine
new york soup kitchen serves homeless humans and their pets
this 8 year old is selling dozens of his paintings to benefit austins homeless
gilbert , arizona firefighter changes a young boy ' s life
nearly 6 million dollars donated after kyoto blaze | nhk world japan news
pipeline route denied near reservation , sioux leader says
holding your loved ones hand during difficult times will synchronize your breathing , heart rate , and brain wave patterns , and ultimately ease your pain
over half a million in uk have their debt written off over ' unfair practices '
star trek writer alex kurtzman reveals his failed batman movie pitch
middle school volleyball players prevent suicidal california woman from jumping off bridge
sheepskin coats for the needy: a heartwarming chrsitmas miracle story
redditch ' s allan , 103 , has appetite for life
craigslist ad for ' unconditional love ' sparks chain of kindness for homeless woman
grayling volunteer recognized for her service in the community and region
floating wheelchair built for disabled goldfish
u . s . jobless claims drop to near 45 year low
australia has recruited 150 of its most powerful men to improve things for women .
x post from til: a village for alzheimer ' s patient ' s with everything from shops to restaurants .
spain rescues nearly 500 migrants at sea in a single day
behrouz boochani: detained asylum seeker wins australia ' s richest literary prize
ashton kutcher rescued 6000 sex trafficking victims
scottish wind power smashes 100% production threshold scottish wind power produced more than 100% of the threshold for the first time , generating enough energy to power 6 million homes .
humane society of tampa bay offering free shots for dogs on saturday
dogs help woman survive the canadian wild
boy with autism can keep ducks if they stay out of neighbors ' yards
cat returned to family 4 years after going missing
the sisters rebuilding a library in post isis mosul
man found alive after more than 60 hours in china landslide
5 fashionable flats you need in your closet this season: lizdemeo
people in ethiopia are calling strangers in eritrea as phone lines are opened after 20 years
today , 999 call: ' i think mum is poorly '
christians , muslims pay tribute to slain french priest
beer brewing monks are helping rebuild earthquake devastated town in italy
cats will no longer be used in usda research lab following watchdog report of cannibal kitten experiments
here are 15 things you can do when the world feels like a terrible place
patriot paws service dog gives army vet her life back
you cant spell american without me: alec baldwin to write faux memoir as donald trump
' trash girl ' ignores bullies to clean norwich ' s streets
pm imran to lay cornerstone for sufism university today | the express tribune
thousands of measles deaths averted by indian vaccination campaign
from jail to yale: ex offender graduates with law degree 10 years after release
pandas get caught in the act in vienna
china launches 8 , 000 water clean up projects worth $100 billion in first half of 2017
cleveland indians will abandon chief wahoo logo next year
experience: i donated half my liver to my father ( r/lifestyle )
blind triplets credit their father with helping them earn highest rank in boy scouts
more than 80 cats adopted so far from cafe where you can play with them
$110 , 000 raised for 90 year old popsicle man who refuses to stop working
' egg boy ' gives donations to nz attack survivors
iranian artist uses 3d printing to recreate artefacts destroyed by isis at iraqi exhibit [x post /r/iran]
taiwan set to become the first asian country to provide for same sex marriages !
yogurt company chobani is giving 10 percent of their ownership stake to employees . considering there are 2000 employees , this would be on average $150 , 000 per employee .
beyonce donates $100 , 000 to historically black colleges in four states
my disabled sons amazing gaming life in the world of warcraft
dog rescued from slaughterhouse gets prosthetic legs
firefighters rescue dog that fell though ice
dog reunited with family 101 days after california wildfire
job creation smashes expectations , unemployment rate falls to 49 year low
meet the man feeding thousands of houstoniansfrom his atlanta hotel room
accidental thief returns subaru with apology , gas money
louisiana bald eagles population is on the rise after report find more nests and health chicks
police find stolen doughnut van , share recovered treats with homeless
meet dindim , the penguin who returns to his human soulmate every year
donations at florida hospital breast milk depot on the rise
uk holds local council elections , here are some images of dogs at the polling stations
police officer sliding with kids on playground
101 year old great grandmother wins 100m gold
jovani fashions donates prom dresses to entire ny school district
teen with crohn ' s disease helps kids in the hospital when he needs to visit the hospital , he brings joy
88 year old mcdonalds worker serves up happy meals a manager asked art if he would be willing to fill in for a couple of weeks . those two weeks turned into 29 years .
officer takes child to mcdonald ' s after not being picked up from school on birthday
kr esports fan keeps his promise on tsm making it to quarterfinals .
muslim businessman buys giant christmas tree to show solidarity with baghdad ' s christians
the enlightenment project
european union cut emissions 23% as economy grew 53%
kitten born with cleft lip saved at a few days old and grew to be a gorgeous lady cat
astronomers discover potential new planet
us support of israel at all time high , poll finds
man brings bullied cousin ' s ' girly ' lunch box to work to show ' there ' s no one way to be a man '
a deer tried to cross a major highway and survived thanks to motorists !
a celebrated foreign correspondent built his life work on detachment . then everything changed: " suddenly , it was clear: this time , i could not stand by and watch .
comedian to fly to us to save brother ' s life through organ donation: ' it was a decision i made in a heartbeat '
peace returns to tikrit after isis occupation; expectations of sectarian reprisals are confounded
3 . 7 million meals raised for the less privileged over the festive period
iluka recycles the love
that raccoon got cotton candy after all ! ( third time was the charm )
brisbane man chases down unlicensed driver in his jocks .
working late into the night , indonesian volunteers managed to save six beached whales
ww ii veteran reconnects with his wartime sweetheart after 70 years
this woman took cleaning job in a trx gym and shed 126lb after becoming inspired
off grid solar power is making africa ' s emerging economies a little brighter
this teenage wrestler has a perfect record and a state title . he also has no legs
thailand has become the first asian country to eliminate mother to child transmission of hiv , thanks to a pragmatic multi sector response backed by strong political commitment and heavy government investment
scotland eyes 50% renewable energy by 2030 in shift away from north sea oil | the scottish government has taken the first steps to heavily cutting the countrys reliance on north sea oil and gas after calling for 50% of scotlands entire energy needs to come from renewables .
' i started life again in the arctic . . . then i fell in love '
wild boars overrun islamic state position , kill 3 militants
this man won ' t go into a nursing home . he ' ll spend his ' golden age ' at the holiday inn
rick and morty contest winner auctioning off rare mcdonalds szechuan sauce for charity [x post from r/rickandmorty]
dear immigrant and muslim mamas: your sacrifices &amp; struggles dont go unnoticed
12 year old d . j tillman graduates college with her bachelors degree
after calling off nuptials , minnesota bride donates entire dream wedding to charity
toronto is set to open the first canadian art gallery exclusively dedicated to showcasing arts made by people with disability .
high school cross country team brings cooped up shelter dogs on runs
worlds most invasive mosquito nearly eradicated from two islands in china
kid elects to play jv basketball so dad , who has cancer , can see his sons play together one last time .
rabbi uses martial arts to teach kids inner power in fight against cancer
toddler who beat cancer twice heads home after 8 month hospital stay
veterinarian doctor in kentucky wins $50 , 000 to help save animals
couple married 74 years die on same day
governor signs ' tommie ' s law , ' making animal cruelty a felony in virginia
cracker barrel in tennessee turns away grayson fritts and his church
two teens build replica of uss arizona to raise money for indiana veterans
jane goodall on earth day: ' the human brain gives me hope '
university of kansas student who won $10 , 000 on half court shot gives check to grandmother . shes my mom . shes my dad . shes my grandma shes everything
an indian surgeon becomes world ' s first to perform a ' telerobotic ' heart surgery from a distance of 32 kms
family playing pokemon go rescues abandoned puppies
freed beagles bred as laboratory guinea pigs find new loving home video
12 year old bullied for her skin color empowers others
its a miracle: cat found weeks after house explosion
syrian refugees in calgary help fort mcmurray evacuees
homeless man returns mistakenly donated diamond ring to b . c . woman
australian kids draw ' welcome ' artworks for newly arrived migrants and refugees
4 indians with a rare blood are flown across border to bangladesh to save a man ' s life .
oregon tech quietly offers free tuition to umpqua shooting survivors [x post fro /r/highereducation]
siblings separated in foster care reunite at disneyland
singing samoan firefighters lift spirits in fight against california wildfires [carr fire , redding , ca]
first hockey player from pimicikamak cree nation to reach the nhl is greeted with a parade , ceremony and gifts after playing his first game in the big leagues
burnout , stress lead more companies to try a four day work week . it leads to higher productivity , more motivated staff .
single mom of five goes viral with inspiring law school graduation photo
our heart did go on: us couple find pendant buried in ireland cemetery after 26 years
turkey wins hearts at animal sanctuary with its dog like behavior
tearful mom describes joy of seeing colorblind son experience everything in technicolor
first ever ocean plastic cleaner will tackle great pacific garbage patch
doctors in india who have removed a 1 . 8kg ( 2 . 2lbs ) brain tumour from a 31 year old man say it could be the largest in the world . the surgery , which lasted seven hours , took place on 14 february at the nair hospital in the western city of mumbai .
postcards to grandparents &lt;3
after 20 years of darkness , bionic eye helps man see
dog that survived california wildfire guarded home for weeks
3 year old saves dad by facetiming mom while he has a stroke
$2 bed nets are winning the war on malaria
dad ' s search for a blue sippy cup to save his autistic son ' s life goes viral .
[x post from ( /r/bodybuilding ) ] a 72 year old competitive bodybuilder who shows that age isnt a limitation
israeli veterinary hospital repairs an injured snails broken shell after someone stepped on it
15 years after firefly ended , see serenity fly again in this new reel from the original vfx team
man saves 3 year old grandson who fell into well
dying boy wishes to celebrate his last christmas early . lets make this happen reddit .
flint schools receive water stations , filtration systems from billionaire elon musk
orthodox jews visit gay bar in solidarity with lgbt victims
texas inmates break out of cell to save guard ' s life
rookie cop saves life of 12 year old who intended to jump off bridge
after his little brother , 5 , is attacked by dog , 15 year old brother jumps in and saves his life , getting viciously mauled . gofundme has been set up ( link in article ) .
this christian university would rather give up $3 million than destroy its lgbt students group
ex royal marine and iraq war hero is selling his medals to pay for four year olds 200k treatment for rare cancer
college football player gets married and adopts two of his siblings after learning they were being abused by one of his foster parents
guinness: holocaust survivor , 112 , named world ' s oldest man
baby receives life saving heart transplant after going into cardiac arrest
new jersey man donates doomsday food to puerto rico , enough to feed thousands
san francisco police officer donates kidney to save a stranger
determined cancer survivor completes boston marathon after midnight
powerball lottery jackpot at $1 . 5b; winning numbers drawing wednesday
france agrees to return 26 benin artworks
15 things to tell your child before they grow up
norway to ban fur farms by 2025
the man who saved 34 lives from the rubble of rana plaza
animal advocates say no kill utah initiative saved 4 , 000 animals in 2015
' i ' m gay ' : mormon republican lawmaker in utah comes out
china reassigns 60 , 000 soldiers to plant trees in bid to fight pollution area to be planted by the end of the year is roughly the size of ireland
man always put cooler out for town workers . now his wife is picking up the tradition
pet lover billionaire to sell mansion and give money to animals
$200 , 000 gift for ambulance crew sets off chain of giving
local rescue gives dying dog chance to have happy days with bucket list
nestle to introduce ruby chocolate kitkat in europe and america bargain crave
a beer keurig .
in state care since childhood , florida man finally gets adopted at age 18
australian paraplegic climbs mount everest in a wheelchair
college football coach buys his seniors suits for their first job interviews
1500 chinese engineers build train station in 9 hours
eight hbcu students awarded beyonce google scholarships
a new sloth sanctuary just opened in costa rica
ozone layer healing , thanks to worldwide cooperation
mcdonalds looses appeal after ontario woman is awarded $100k for wrongful dismissal .
good news everyone ! you can buy 50ft of rope for under $6 . 00 at home depot !
no one came to 6 year old teddys birthday party , so the phoenix suns are giving him vip treatment
dad captures tooth fairy on camera and brings magic alive for five year old son
greenfield community helping man with als who has spent life helping others
christmas eve event shares some warmth with canton ' s homeless
the sale of all eight buffaloes belonging to the pm house fetched a total of rs2 , 302 , 000 in an auction held in islamabad on thursday .
srmnt hml mn refuses to beg fr money , instead nd h d lkng fr a ru jb . aftr being hml for two years , h rfu t bg , h rr wth him , nvl ntnng copies of h rum , his fd hndlr certificate , sl surt card , nd id
this 13 year old reporter solves a real life murder mystery by herself . . .
researchers discover proteins that could very soon restore damaged hearing and irreversible deafness
mom pleas for a replica of her daughter with autism ' s favorite shirt , internet responds
looking on the bright side ' means you live longer '
months after california wildfire , pets and owners reunited
watch this adorable great grandma dance to bruno mars at her 100th birthday
disabled child told to leave movie theatre; donor rents out theatre so they can see movie for free and without harassment .
switzerland votes for tighter gun laws by large margin
grandmother skydives for charity on her 80th birthday
boy asks for cure for friend ' s cancer instead of presents this christmas
vogue will no longer hire models under 18
queens brian may wants to see a live aid style concert to raise awareness for climate change
photographer turns his dog into funny animals every holiday season
boy gives up his xbox one present to help the homeless; microsoft surprises him with new console and gifts .
santa claus brings extra joy to boy with autism
100 rescue dogs involved in crash , now safe and sound
almost half of young facebook users deleted the app this year , new survey finds
she worked as brick layer and maid to build hospital for the poor
solar power helps transform los angeles gang members
police rescue a bride from her flooded car when she ' s stranded on her wedding day . and her dress stays dry !
india to soon announce bio jet fuel policy
women in lebanon protest law allowing rapists to marry their victims to escape sentencing
seal injured by discarded plastic air filter learns to swim upright again in norfolk sanctuary
redditors let help find this guy !
germany just shut down its last fur farm
orchestra finds child who charmed crowd with ' wow ! '
purdue names football stadium entrance for late cancer patient tyler trent
publix employees rescue girl ' s stuffed bunny from landfill after it gets lost: ' it was above and beyond '
gay men to receive scottish government apology and removal of ' criminal records '
street agrees to paint houses different colours and it had amazing impact
kim kardashian has directed her lawyers to help free a sex trafficking victim convicted of murder
flip the script: cursive sees revival in school instruction
the 22 year old entrepreneur producing reusable sanitary pads for poor african girls
nicki minaj paid college tuition fees for some very lucky fans
police take the time to replace elderly womans door after it was damaged in a break in
the world ' s loneliest whale may not be alone after all
sc fireman adopts baby he delivered on emergency call
injured animals get second chance with 3 d printed limbs
the who ' s roger daltrey continues his uk success by building teen cancer centers in america .
coral reefs doing better than expected in many areas
a boy with a genetic disorder who also recovered from a skull fracture was made a police officer for a day on his 4th birthday
dog returned eight times to edmond shelter finds forever home
this poet ' s guide dog helped him discover a new world
starfish making comeback after syndrome killed millions: the species was hit with sea star wasting syndrome of the west coast , from b . c . to mexico . but things are turning around .
while some authorities in china try to ban christmas , chinese buddhist nuns have given a gift of foodstuffs to their christian counterparts who live poorly: " we are all people of faith and we will work jointly to . . . benefit all people .
ariana grande reportedly offered to pay for manchester explosion victims ' funerals
edmonton woman buys robber a coffee
disney , star wars production crew , take out full page ad in local irish paper thanking the locals for hospitality while filming there .
dave chappelle hand delivers tickets to charlotte couple who were scammed out of hundreds on craigslist
they survived six hours in a pool as a wildfire burned their neighborhood to the ground la times
nearly destroyed by isis , the ancient city of palmyra will reopen in 2019 after extensive renovations .
dilyn the springer spaniel is recovering well after surgery to remove 206 pebbles he ate on a trip to the beach
budweiser clydesdales surprise horse rescue with 4000 lbs of feed
high school student places fourth in ugliest girl contest . speaks out and shows us what a beautiful person really looks like .
carson family donates $1 million to childrens hospital in saskatoon
detroit mailman saves two lives when pet pit bull mix attacks family
meet the redhead who ' s been serving up food , friendliness for 50 years in junction , texas
india is now home to nearly 3000 tigers population has seen a 33% increase in four years , thanks to conservation efforts .
scientists announce they were able to revive microscopic water bears that were encased in ice for over 30 years
homeless and stranded , wichita man gets a helping hand: ' we ' ve changed his life in a way '
the transatlantic slave trade is remembered in london
chefs guy fieri and jose andres join forces to feed thousands affected by california fires
9 people showed up for a kkk rally in dayton , ohio . they were drowned out by 600 protestors
how buffalo got its waterfront back
whoa , baby: naturally conceived quadruplets born in georgia
child ' s missing teddy with recording of deceased mother ' s message found safe
notre dame could provide energy for paris with new roof | the independent
seven year old harry faced life in wheelchair until 45k gift for life changing operation
man returns to live in his high school , 70 years later .
tanzania to shut part of wildlife preserve to big game hunters
korean war veteran ' s remains returned 65 years after he went missing
charity founded by 13 year old helps diabetics receive service dogs
a no kill sanctuary in costa rica called " land of the strays " is home to nearly 1 , 000 stray dogs who have 378 acres of tropical mountain land to roam
familys dog turns up 10 years after vanishing from home
catholic nun on tweeting a daily prayer to trump: ' the hardest spiritual practice ive ever committed to '
dutee chand , the 100 m indian national record holder and winner of two silver medals at the 2018 asian games , is the first indian sports star to acknowledge being in a same sex relationship .
perhaps her stomach is overriding her fear of humans , or maybe it ' s just a very friendly fox . whatever the reason , this stunning animal has no problem getting up close with these people for a scrap of food .
bikers heard this marine ' s remains were coming home in a usps box . they couldn ' t let that happen .
the fcc just announced its plan to slash net neutrality rules , allowing isps like verizon to block apps , slow websites , and charge fees to control what you see &amp; do online . they vote december 14th . click here to learn more and see what you can do to help !
a fernandina tortoise , presumed to be extinct since 1906 , has been found ! she was discovered in an expedition by forrest galante . this tortoise was hiding in the brush of a volcano in the galapagos and was identified by the look of her shell and face .
new caledonia taking steps to help protect their coral reefs
quarter million rand raised for south african train hero darryn august sapeople
how suicide prevention is becoming part of anthony bourdain ' s legacy
a anonymous person , calling himself santa b , pays off over $46 , 000 in layaway merchandise at walmart in pennsylvania right before christmas
a boy with autism loves dishwashers . this ruby tuesday manager made his day
newly discovered penguin megacolony is so huge it was spotted in space
california man who spent 39 years in prison gets $21 million for wrongful conviction
school district sees success dropping gpa minimum for athletes espn video ( gpas rise across the board , advanced course enrollment triples )
vietnam ' s yok don national park has begun the country ' s first ethical elephant tours
aussie engineer makes prosthetic limbs for those who cant afford them
7 year old boy chooses to meet his bone marrow donor from germany over going to disney world .
ten year old pens extraordinary bucket list
stubborn beluga refuses to leave his new friends in the maritimes
angola decriminalises homosexuality and bans discrimination based on sexual orientation
amazon investing $10 million to boost u . s . recycling rate
san francisco to dismiss all marijuana convictions dating back to 1975 as california redefines attitude to cannabis
is this real ? : disneyland employees react in disbelief as they find out they will be working in star wars: galaxys edge
serbian inmates care for stray dogs while serving time
japan rescues 26 north koreans from sinking ship
me to we pledges create opportunity for a single mom to follow her dreams and become a footballer in kenya
al franken resigns from senate
paris balcony boy ' s family thank mali ' spiderman ' mamoudou gassama
hero cop saves suicidal man who stabbed him 7 times
danny trejo to open donut shop .
soul basement feat . jay nemor noise pollution
mall santa goes extra mile for boy with autism
ohio quadruplets all accepted to harvard , yale and duke
city waiving minor traffic citations to encourage toy donations
three blood donors found in global search to save 2 year old child from florida
the world ' s first vertical forest for low income housing is coming to the netherlands
law offices of robert j . beles: anne c . beles | google maps
maryland police rescue eagle injured so badly it couldnt fly
human chain rescues family at florida beach
free san antonio muslim clinic treats the uninsured to honor god
leicestershire second world war veteran comes out as transgender aged ninety
egypt is going renewable really fast
doctors on a plane save woman ' s life by constructing a makeshift medical ventilator in mid air .
teenagers volunteer as pallbearers at funeral of navy veteran with no family
dog sniffs out abandoned litter of puppies while out on a walk in the woods
solar power becoming world ' s cheapest form of electricity production , analysts say renewable energy will beat any other technology in most of the world without subsidies
tokyo olympic golf venue admits first female members in nearly half a century: the golf venue for the tokyo 2020 games has granted the first full memberships in nearly four decades to women after lifting a ban under pressure from the international olympic committee .
80 year old couple from ireland each won their age group while celebrating their 57th wedding anniversary
strangers help women find photo of her boyfriend after oakland fire
students create a park out of recycled materials| on a closer examination you will realise that these are no ordinary garden decor but made out of recycled materials seats made of tyres , flowerbeds made of used bottles , and an old boat painted with bright colours .
great mid winter workout ! wilmot hs football players clear driveways for neighbors
l . a . gene therapy restores leamington , ont . , boy ' s immune system
boy saves his sister from a house fire on his birthday
the gift of sight: sierra vista optometrist gives free exams , glasses to orphans in naco
he lost nearly 500 pounds , now stanley hollar wants to walk again
first responders save man who died 8 times in one day , after recovering the man makes it his mission to thank each person who kept him alive
zambia air force gets its first female pilot; 24 year old , lt . thokozile muwamba
girl ( 10 ) reunited with her treasured teddy lost during florida airport attack
jaguar reintroduction plan in argentina represents rare good news story for big cats: the project could one day be reproduced in the southern united states , where the cats roamed until the 20th century .
amex platinum waives the $550 annual fee for active duty military members
teddy bear braves surgery to comfort his little boy
meet the vigilante prisoner who beats up jail rapists | vice | united kingdom
all 12 boys and coach successfully rescued from thai cave
brazil ' s top court votes to make homophobia crime
til of mohamed bzeek , a libyan born muslim living in azusa , california , a foster father who takes in only terminally ill children . bzeek , who has been fostering such children since 1989 , is the only foster parent in los angeles county who will do this .
depressed donkey now a happy hee hawer thanks to new friendship with horse
seth macfarlane donates $2 . 5 million to public radio
comedian sending 3 , 000 cookies to soldier he ' s never met after being mistakenly included in group text
floating solar farms crop up in california
animal shelter teams up with assisted living facility to save orphaned kittens
10 year old lobster , king louie , released back home
kentucky city lets residents pay parking tickets with canned goods
the largest verizon authorized wireless retailer , announced that its stores are donating 172 , 000 backpacks full of school supplies to ensure children across the u . s . are prepared for the start of the school year . since 2013 , they have donated more than 505 , 000 backpacks filled with supplies .
president kuczynski: peru to plant 2 million hectares of trees to restore amazon forest
scrap metal worker saves four year old boy from choking on a marble
zeke , a sixth grader , inspired his classmates to donate money raised from their annual spare change fundraiser to a charity he started called high fives for soldiers . the school ' s donation will put his charity ' s fundraising total at more than $5 , 000 .
9 spices that may save your life @alternet
barack obamas former chef to use $250 , 000 lottery winnings to feed the homeless
woman who asked for the oldest , hardest to adopt dog is restoring our faith in humanity
actor danny trejo saves a trapped baby from an overturned car
93 year old man eats lunch next to a picture of his late wife every day
displaying unusual solidarity , indian and chinese navies jointly respond to a piracy attack in gulf of aden
good news , america ! there are fewer drunk teens on the road today .
brazil teacher changes hairstyle to support bullied girl ridiculed by a boy , who had said her hair was " ugly
oops ! cnn ' s boston tv channel accidentally broadcasts 30 minutes of hardcore porn
three schoolboys aged 13 &amp; 14 find a suicidal man on a highway bridge and refuse to let him go
how a homeless mans selfless act changed his life
veteran has hired more than 40 out of work veterans for his business
this is one of the most heartbreaking and beautiful love stories i have ever read
states increase higher education funding by 3 . 7%
another southern right whale rescued off clovelly
dna test saves service dog from the death penalty
how a danish town helped young muslims turn away from isis
good news , despite what you ' ve heard
puppy addicted to meth , heroin , on path to recovery , police say
pro golfer strips off clothes and wades into pond to save a baby bird
town officials rent refrigeration truck for residents to store their food in after a storm knocks out power for days .
homeless man who returns lost wallet rewarded with job and new home
boy accidentally stabs himself with pencil; teachers save his life
georgia woman found as an infant abandoned in dumpster seeks heroes who saved her i want to thank whoever found me because they changed so many lives by being in the right place at the right time .
meet florence ' see see ' rigney , america ' s ' oldest working registered nurse '
mother who shielded baby from hail stones during supercell storm in line for bravery award
random acts of kindness: aviary heroes
thailand university accepts rice for tuition fees
the final hikers have been rescued from an indonesian volcano after sunday ' s devastating earthquake
a university in alabama gives up a $3 million annual donation rather than destroy its lgbt students group
princetons ad blocking super weapon may put an end to the ad blocking arms race
uber loses landmark case over worker rights , entitling uk drivers to minimum wage and sick leave
nj teacher leaves $1 million to school district in her will . it will be used on scholarships for special education students
father grateful to good samaritan who found lost christmas gifts along road and returned them
veteran loses 25 pounds to donate liver to former boss: ' now , we ' re family '
a facebook campaign made this teen begin a social movement to child proof the world
dose entire population with anti malaria drugs to eradicate disease study malaria could be quickly eliminated in south east asia by an all out effort to dose whole populations with drugs that treat the disease , regardless of whether people have symptoms or are healthy , say experts .
a teen wanted to auction off a pig for a cancer charity . buyers kept returning it so he could sell it over and over .
mother of two ' s late stage breast cancer cured by breakthrough immunotherapy treatment
a cafe chain that employs homeless people builds a village of 11 houses in scotland to help them rebuild their lives
special needs students get chance to shine on basketball court in rocklin
dear layla , your daddy misses you daily
' most beautiful take off ive ever seen ' us passenger posts amazing video of irish airport
video: richardson man sees color for the first time story
miraculous survival of goat herding dog who refused to abandon flock amid firestorm
5g set to cover over 40% of world ' s population 2023
us job growth rebounds with 224 , 000 created in june , quelling fears of economic slowdown
results from the latest survey show that the uk golden eagle population up by 15%
after two years and 10 months , 93 year old ernie andrus has made it across america .
new york woman ' s adopted hound dog rescues her by sniffing out skin cancer and saving her life
300 plumbers poured into flint , michigan , to install water filters for free
some collection of good news from february 2016
des moines woman ' s dying wish helps feed hundreds of people
hurricane irma: lowe ' s customer gives last generator to fellow shopper
the event , called ' night to shine tri valley ' . a prom for people with disabilities .
trump just did a massive 180 on undocumented immigrants
ori has not been bullied and said that being intersex is really fun and awesome .
walking the silk road , where globalization got started: journalist paul salopek began his " out of eden " walk four years ago in ethiopia
isis no longer controls any iraqi oil ( x post /r/politics )
this gives me hope about the future
lifelong best friends discover theyre actually brothers
fans chip in to grow iceland ' krikket ' r/cricket has become the official sponsor of the iceland cricket team , supporting the development of the game .
model chris garafola makes his special needs sister a star for the day
local car club donates gifts to veteran ' s home
hero stray pit bull that was slashed while stopping stab attack gets a forever home
adelaide doctor plans to sail to pacific islands to perform eye surgery
subway riders come together to help man late for job interview
china to strengthen climate target next year: could be huge | nrdc
modern day geppetto brings christmas cheer to kids in need nbc news
congressman elect scott taylor contacts navy in support of young veterans brewing company
pittsburgh tree of life synagogue , site of an october mass shooting , has raised nearly $7 , 000 and counting for the victims of the christchurch shooting .
girl whose heart stopped after kalamazoo shooting finally opens her eyes , family says .
lego and ' sesame street ' team up on a $100 million program to teach refugee kids
nurse in trousers awarded marathon record after outcry
jehovah ' s witness , 14 , ordered to receive blood transfusion despite beliefs
' superheroes ' surprise toledo children ' s hospital patients
fsu football player eats lunch with student with autism
i have no arms and legs that weigh me down , ' how a man born without arms or legs learned to swim , surf , skydive and speak in front of thousands
a man is devoting his life to adopting old animals that would have been put down
vietnam to rescue 1 , 000 bears in bid to end bile trade
[update/pt 2] adopted us air force col . found his japanese birth mother . . . and gained a brother as well .
man rescues baby deer with roadside caesarean section in b . c .
feel good stories that made us smile and happy cry in 2016
this stunning nasa video shows ozone layer is healing due to human efforts
good samaritans help woman , dogs stranded by texas flooding
boston is paying ex gang members to go to college
10 year old girl keeps same pet 56 years
guitarist plays in subway for donations , allows homeless to take what they need
75 years ago , she was an army nurse . at age 99 , shes returned to normandy to mark d day
elephant and rhino populations rebounding following poaching crackdown in tanzania
these students are using data to help stop fatal selfie accidents
for the first time in 100 years , tiger numbers are growing
teacher holds free lessons for slum children under a bridge in india
outlander stars ditch filming for dramatic rescue
boy rings bell and dances to mark end of year long chemotherapy treatment
keith urban adorably guitar techs for young singer at edmonton ' s new arena ' rogers place ' show
gorillas like to party like us !
arkansas mom buys 1 , 500 pairs of shoes in closing payless for kids in need
the simple injection that could ' cure ' cancer: australian doctor claims pioneering new treatment could eliminate blood cancer
deangelo williams: pittsburghs running back is a pros pro
kenyans are replenishing the country ' s forest population with ' seedballs ' and slingshots
costa rica reports near 100% renewable energy electricity supply with record electricity generation in may 2019 , costa rica now derives nearly 100% of its electricity from renewable energies , including geothermal energy , which accounts for around 12 . 9% of electricity generation .
bartender grandmother who is raising daughter ' s four year old triplets receives $300 tip from couple
norway sets record for the world ' s longest gingerbread train , again
military dog is torn away from beloved sergeant .
grandma called wrong number after a bad fall guy showed up to help her anyway
operation tarantelo european authorities arrest 79 for bluefin tuna trafficking .
a small swiss company is developing technology to suck carbon dioxide out of the air and it just won $31 million in new investment
raices donates $3 million to flights for reunited families
the world record for retweets could be broken over a request for free chicken nuggets
the netherlands keeps closing prisons because it doesn ' t have enough prisoners
indonesia is cleaning up the world ' s dirtiest river , aims to make it drinkable in 7 years .
muslims in pakistani town refuse to slaughter cows " to avoid hurting the feelings of their hindu fellows
elon musk says he will fund fixing flints foul water
judge stays in jail with inmate milutary veteran to make sure he doesn ' t trigger his ptsd
strangers raise $31 , 000 for connecticut man who takes care of stray cats
google is donating 25 , 000 laptops to help refugees in germany
canada offers healthcare to children after us travel ban
a nurse channeled his inner disney star to help put a smile on the face of a young cancer patient .
russian family sit down to dinner with a 300lb bear at the table
community rallies around teens mowing yards for free
boy , 4 , uses siri to help save mum ' s life
magic mushrooms lifts severe depression in trial
all five living former us presidents make rare appearance together presidents gather for fundraiser for those affected by hurricanes that struck texas , florida , puerto rico and us virgin islands
denver parks and recreation now hiring homeless as full time seasonal workers the denver post
singapore unveils train filled with inspiring messages from its first olympic gold medalist
fresno bus driver prevents attempted rape of teen
the work of these six zoos might shift your feelings on animals in captivity
once nearly dead as the dodo , california condor comeback reaches 1 , 000 chicks
trump says ford called to say it ' s keeping suv plant in kentucky
students grow food for homeless neighbors
scientists possibly find " revolutionary " fifth force of nature " there ' s no other boson that we ' ve observed that has this same characteristic . sometimes we also just call it the ' x boson , ' where ' x ' means unknown .
german rock star brings ' great good fortune ' to transylvanian village
5th graders freak out as teacher proposes to fellow teacher in front of class
national collection for notre dame of paris : 1 . 3 million euros already raised !
dance battle b/w kid and security
illinois becomes third state to ban sale of animal tested cosmetics
tortoise missing from queens environmental center found , nypd says
man ignites himself while burning american flag outside rnc
dwayne ' the rock ' johnson gives his mom a new home for christmas in emotional post
down syndrome student manager from my hometown drills a half court shot , and celebrates with the soccer style shirt over head knee slide .
un will stop releasing casualty figures for iraq because numbers are too low
the golden state warriors ' kevin durant is committing $10 million to a program that will help disadvantaged youth in his hometown go to college
smart boy invents a genius device to stop children dying in hot cars
india ' s chief justice of the supreme court is presiding over a string of verdicts in recent weeks that grant more rights to women , gay couples and religious minorities .
emotional scenes as 350 delhi slum dwellers get flats
state troopers surprise boy for his birthday after no one turns up from his class
arizona traffic stop leads to abducted louisiana childrens rescue
west virginia company trains coal miners to install solar panels
the cheapest way to save the planet grows like a weed
portland wheelers gives assisted bicycle rides to those who cant do it alone
father builds a $35 million theme park for daughter with special needs
a 5 year old was teased for looking like a boy . so her teacher chopped off her own hair to show support
an elephant thought to have been caught in a current and found swimming 16km out to sea has been rescued by the sri lanka navy .
closed canadian grocery store left unlocked; shoppers paid for items taken
hawaiian hibiscus flower thought extinct rediscovered by drone
coffee money
texans qb deshaun watson donates first game check to 3 cafeteria employees affected by hurricane harvey .
after a lifetime of neglect , air force academy graduate finds his wings
seaweed could be scrubbing way more carbon from the atmosphere than we expected
former enemies pour whiskey in pearl habour reunion
labrador puppy stolen by thieves returned to ' devastated ' little girl
palestinian ' geeks ' code their way to a better future in gaza
watsi ama today , at 11am pst/2pm edt
every use of #salutetoservice on twitter will generate a $5 donation to the nfls military non profit partners
[oc] check out this incredible stretch of free and open data on the pollution being caused by the products of a handful of global corporations
school fish breeding program helps keep clownfish on the reef
how the royals gave caleb schwabs family their best day since their worst day
nba salary cap set for $99 million
norton support number
family takes matters into their own hands and raises over $10 , 000 dollars to help find a cure for their daughter
a new program at the kent county animal shelter is working to save more dogs from being put down , using facebook to place them in good homes . it ' s already working . a man who lost his dog on the other side of the state was able to find her though one of the posts .
elephant comes to the rescue when he thinks man is downing
nepalese army removes two tons of waste from everest .
ontario man , giving home away for free , paying the cost of food and vet bills , to ensure his animals are taken care of properly .
a fashion company is paying to maintain rome ' s colosseum
23andme donating dna kits to help reunite migrant families
after being found near death in utahs west desert , kelly the dog finds her forever home
officer washes blind , homeless man ' s feet
no surrender ( documentary ) justin yerbury , motor neuron disease researcher who carried on his research after being diagnosed himself
watch: firefighters rescue puppy from icy lake in west milford , nj
thailand cave rescue: final boys pulled to safety , all 12 rescued
amazons alexa can now add events to google calendar
southern support school gets a new hero with an assistance dog joining the classroom
bernie sanders is projected to win the presidential election
serena williams gives birth to baby girl
kashmiris wholeheartedly thank sikh community for helping them during post pulwama violence
this artist lost the use of his hands , so he paints with his mouth
double hand transplant patient writes letter of thanks
a returned varsity letter leads to wedding bells . . . 41 years later
elderly homeless woman reunited with children after a decade on the streets
sea otter reunion proves there ' s nothing more powerful than a mother ' s love
one bag at a time: working mom and her son donate gift bags to help those in need
a marine veteran who lost both his legs in afghanistan to an ied just completed 31 full marathons in 31 days
dashcam video shows officer save 3 year olds life after boy stops breathing .
escape artists capybaras bonnie and clyde add three capybabies to the infamous family
it cant hurt to repost , because everyone likes trees .
' accidental hero ' finds kill switch to stop spread of the ransomware cyber attack
woman loses 150 pounds and poses with her old , heavier self in before and after pics
man donates kidney to wife of 30 years
zero elephants poached in a year in top africa wildlife park
california wildfires: inmates are risking their lives working alongside firefighters for $2 a day
marital rape is no longer legal in minnesota with new law
baby dropped from 10th floor of grenfell tower ' caught by man on ground '
woman who called michelle obama an ' ape ' sentenced to jail for defrauding fema of $18k
german carnival
vogue spain declares black is beautiful with black cover model rocking cornrows
logan paul to take a break from youtube
simon , sick of leukemia , at 7 years has his dream come true: get on army helicopter
former delaware mayor cleans main street in his town everyday
george lucas planning payback with massive affordable housing project on his marin county land
figure skating fans use national flags to erase boundaries , not enforce them
hiv/aids is no longer the leading cause of death in africa
half a dozen puppys saved from being buried alive
people power saves historic somerset pub as villagers raise 1m to keep it from developers the 15th century packhorse inn in south stoke , somerset , closed its doors six years ago and was sold with plans to turn it into flats .
stranger buys $749 plane ticket for distraught dad ' s toddler
southwest just flew 64 displaced dogs and cats in the main cabin from houston to san diego .
jacksonville bus driver goes extra mile for student ' s birthday
mother of stillborn son donates 16 gallons of breast milk: ' it gave me a purpose '
alberta man offers to share his ' stolen land ' with a first nations family
officer throws bullied boy a party after no one shows up to his birthday
urban agrihood: detroit produce project feeds 2 , 000 households for free " the michigan urban farming initiative ( mufi ) has developed a multi acre urban agricultural campus in detroit with gardens and an orchard designed to feed thousands of local residents .
9 year old lost all his baseball memorabilia in a fire , now fans are rallying to help him
an australian project that aims to revolutionize water delivery and sanitation in urban slums has been awarded $27m in funding . with contribution from stanford &amp; emory universities in the us the project will help rebuild 24 settlements in indonesia and fiji over five years .
lawson the koala celebrates sweet 16th birthday with handlers at australia zoo
thrift shop helps fund nonprofit a home 4 spots dog rescue
us lawmakers vote against bill to ban them from ' sexual contact ' with their interns
couple turns atlanta neighborhood around with bikes for kids
rebuilding blocks: mobile factory turns disaster debris into modular bricks " a complete system can be shipped inside just two cargo containers , turning rubble from ruins into building blocks for reconstruction " article
world traveler explains why " everything you heard about the middle east is wrong
the usa has built no ' net ' new fossils fuels in late in 2006 er u . s . department of energy figures , the united states has retired just over 147 gwac of coal and gas , while building 143 gw of the same sources ( almost all gas ) during the last 12 years .
devoted mum to donate two organs to save her little boy ' s life: ' this is going to be your year '
senegalese refugee who travelled to europe on an overcrowded boat wins 400 , 000 on spain ' s christmas lottery | europe | news
police officer helps homeless man shave in parking lot before job interview , man gets job offer
mute and alone , he was never short of kind words or friends
an elderly man had no way to visit his wife in the hospital . so he asked police for help
canadian who had heart attack while jogging in florida saved by stranger from his hometown
church paid off almost $2m in medical debt for complete strangers
bring plastic waste and eat full meal at india ' s first garbage cafe in chhattisgarh
muslim man paralyzed from quebec city massacre gets $400 , 000 home from money raised in 40 countries
woman reunited with man 20 years after she found him buried alive in a forest as a newborn baby
95 year old air force veteran shows little boy how to be brave
uk co2 emissions fall again
car nation germany has surprised neighbours with a radical proposal to reduce road traffic by making public transport free , as berlin scrambles to meet eu air pollution targets and avoid big fines . . . plan to be tested in five cities .
myanmar ' s rebels with a cause: meet the punks caring for yangon ' s homeless
band shocks buskers with ' random kindness '
snow leopard no longer ' endagered '
heartbroken friend raises money so his best mate can get married after being told he has incurable cancer
cow who escapes slaughterhouse gets adopted
gorilla escapes enclosure at london zoo; is tranquilized , not shot
' extinct ' sumatran rhino seen live in borneo
running out of children , a south korea school enrolls illiterate grandmothers
slo non profit helps veterans and first responders one dog at a time
from prison to ph . d . : the redemption and rejection of michelle jones
shes pretty ! blind son sees mom for first time
sweden has announced a ban on the sale of gasoline and diesel engines after 2030 , joining denmark , india , the netherlands , ireland and israel .
mexican party invitation goes viral , attracting 1 . 2 million police will be deployed to a village in mexico after an invitation to a girl ' s birthday party went viral and 1 . 2 million people said they would attend .
man is on mission to cross china by wheelchair , has traveled 2 , 800km in 566 days
stray dogs pull baby girl to safety after she was dumped in sewage drain
body donations surge in japan amid changing views of death
bill to ban the sale of loot boxes to children presses forward with bipartisan support
china builds worlds biggest air purifier ( and it seems to be working ) a 100 metre high air purification tower in xian in shaanxi province has helped reduce smog levels in the city , preliminary results suggest
the mums saving each other from a taboo condition
tiniest organ donor is saving other babies ' lives
it was 9 below in detroit . michigan asked folks to lower their heat . they did .
four houston schools receive 27 , 000 books to restock libraries damaged by hurricane harvey ( xpost from r/books )
study suggest men should ejaculate 21 times a month to protect against prostate cancer
two subway performers help a man propose to his girlfriend
meet the soda pop puppies , saved from death , now warming laps across central new york
taiwan to ban single use plastic drinking straws , plastic bags , disposable utensils entirely by 2030
right to privacy: supreme court of india rules right to privacy as fundamental right
brazilian man who went viral on a video showing a stray dog peed on him returns to find the pooch the next day before adopting him
this amazing village in india plants 111 trees every time a little girl is born
campaign aims to regift old children ' s clothes to help support families
local humane society launches " office cat " program allowing businesses to hire ( foster ) a temp employee ( cat )
kidney donated by maine mother gives everyone involved a gift
secret brand is going to announce a revolutionary fabric to fight climate change and to change fashion dogmas
chobani ' s founder shares the wealth with employees by gifting them with shares
double leg amputee summits 14 , 115 foot pikes peak after 74 hours
fort worth woman spends 150 tuesdays helping homeless
he was like an angel " : what happens when a man speaks sign language to an autistic child
delhi hotel serves free for all buffet once a week
victim of arson gets her christmas wish and then some !
china ban on ivory sales begins sunday , aims to curb elephant poaching
93 year old woman knits blankets for humane society cats awaiting adoption
woman helps free man who shot her when he was 13: ' let ' s not waste this life '
sad photo reminds us to call our grandparents
india , france launch $1 tn potential solar programme for developing countries
a 17 year old teen make everyones day brighter in a unique way
local law enforcement and teachers have showdown at tcms
in one more humble and cool act as vice president , joe biden got a ride from the inauguration in a car to union station to take a train home from washington back to delaware , the same way he ' s gone home from washington for the past 44 years .
86 year old man who has spent the last two summer ' s walking for charity is doing it again .
saying we are all jews , obama honors americans lifesaving efforts in holocaust
indian engineering student uses a ballpoint pen to save a man ' s life mid flight
look for the helpers
ariana grande ' raises more than 2 million ' for victims with manchester one love concert
after a 400 year absence , a rare ibis returns to european skies
chuck e . cheeses begins a sensory sensitive play program for children with special needs .
jp morgan is going green: banking giant commits to using 100 per cent renewable energy by 2020
humpback whale protects unsuspecting diver from tiger shark: scientists have never seen such behaviour in whales before , says biologist .
new cancer drug is so effective against tumors , the fda approved it immediately
luxembourg to be first european country to legalise cannabis
vietnam vet gives back by drawing portraits of fallen soldiers for their families
flashing lights and pink noise might banish alzheimers , improve memory and more
all 12 boys and their football coach ' found alive ' after nine days missing in thai caves
tiny baby sea turtles get a vip escort to the ocean every year from the colombian navy
alan turing law unveiled by government will posthumously pardon thousands of gay men convicted of historic offences: the enigma codebreaker ' s great neice says government decision is ' absolutely tremendous '
rice grown by chinese scientists using seawater in dubais deserts successful harvest of salt resistant strain raises researchers hopes that one day large swathes of the desert could be turned into paddy fields
turkey legalizes cannabis production for medicinal and scientific purposes in 19 provinces
cop donates kidney to save a stranger
texas a&amp;m has graduation ceremony for student with terminally ill father so he could see her graduate .
australian parents who refuse to vaccinate their children will now be given monthly fines
polio could be eradicated in pakistan within months , health officials say , as a mass vaccination drive is launched .
a gang member ' s challenge to help the hungry and homeless
new malaysian state park tripled in size , to 74 , 140 acres nearly three times the size of san francisco
bbc news: dishwasher becomes part owner of top restaurant noma
fired longtime eagles employee gets super bowl ring and credit for a td
thousands of u . s . soldiers tell fearful muslim girl in plano: i will protect you
how a hands on high school veterinary program is enriching navajo students
asiana airlines makes emergency landing to save 8 year old passenger
at the pyeongchang olympics opening ceremonies , korea unifies for a historic selfie
i ' m 44 , made a hip hop video and donated the proceeds to boys and girls club ( imgur . com )
nearly six in ten countries are now democracies
azim premji makes most generous donation in indian history , donates shares worth $7 . 5 to support philanthropic activities
first successful hand transplant in canada performed
13 year old boy sells xbox , does yard work to buy his single mom a car
koreas to carry single olympic flag
kraft opens free grocery store for unpaid workers during government shutdown
stranger returns lost wallet and adds extra cash
woman tries to save drowning boy , winds up saving his pregnant mother , too
first new steps for syrian girl who used tin cans for legs
vet who got transplanted arms says ' the best part ' is that he can now hold fiancees hand
how this man went from eating mcdonald ' s in bed to running marathons
april the giraffe finally gives birth in april !
humble bartender ' gets his kit off ' to rescue drowning man from melbourne ' s yarra river
french consul general shares a meal with hong kongs low income workers
dog a hero , healer after wichita womans cancer diagnosis
tears of joy: nj transit reunites homeless man with daughter , granddaughters .
youth team forfeits season over excluding girls | " a youth basketball team decided it would rather give up the rest of its season than play without its two female teammates .
jobless for 7 years , woman with cerebral palsy finds hope , faces new hurdles
9 year old zion says his " life is complete " after a successful double hand transplant
hundreds to volunteer in acadia national park on take pride day
wyoming police took an innocent man ' s $91 , 800 . after a vox report , he will get it back .
adorable russian metro robot tells jokes and remembers faces !
homeless man turns $2400 he found to police , internet starts donation page which reaches over $5000 for the man who then refused the money asking it go to a charity and asking for a job instead .
oskar blues sent 50 , 000 cans of water to flint , mich . , more on the way
british tourist saved from attack by stray dog , later returns to greece and adopts him
black panther increasing adoption of black cats ( often the least likely to be adopted )
alberta veterinarians vote to ban declawing , ear cropping , tail docking surgeries
man sends tennis balls to strangers to keep the memory of his best friend alive
the henry doorly zoo &amp; aquarium and zipline brewing co . are partnering on a new series of animal themed beer , the sale of which will support conservation efforts for four zoo species .
in 2019 , more people will vote than ever before: nearly two billion voters in 50 countries around the world will head to the polls this year to elect their leaders .
when medical student dinesh palipana suffered a severe spinal injury in a car crash , he was told his dream of becoming a doctor was over . now he ' s queensland ' s first quadriplegic doctor .
teen hoping to meet george strait before going deaf gets his wish
soviet submarine officer who averted nuclear war awarded ' future of life ' prize
the world ' s first ultra accessible waterpark
this eco friendly startup was named new zealand ' s most sustainable business its solid shampoo and conditioner bars aim to reduce the 80 billion plastic bottles we dump into the ocean annually
injured bald eagle rescued from subway tracks near washington , d . c .
a series of new national parks could be created to safeguard the english landscape for future generations under new plans announced by michael gove . countryside must be ' not only conserved , but enhanced for the next generation , ' says environment secretary .
barbara windsor ' s husband reveals he convinced eastenders bosses to kill off peggy mitchell as the 80 year old star ' s alzheimer ' s worsened and says her final scenes were ' some of her best work '
california erases old pot convictions
scientists accidentally create a plastic eating enzyme .
artificial kidney approved for clinical trials
syria supper club: reaching out to refugees , one dinner at a time
' he ' s an inspiration ' : stranger hosts ' star wars ' party for 6 year old with cancer
firefighters rescue elderly dachshund from 30 foot well
israel evacuates 800 syrian ' white helmets ' to jordan
#safetypin new campaign in the uk to show solidarity with the immigrant population following a post brexit rise in hate crime
the rohingya deserve a future and today governments from 35 countries pledged to help
wheelchair bound connecticut boy finds friend in service dog
meet the do goodr who rescues and delivers food to the hungry
dog rescued from cliff after being missing for 2 months
northern ireland dad donates kidney to his daughter in ground breaking operation using 3d printer
two of my friends found a veteran with fatal cancer selling all his possessions via garage sale to pay for his own funeral and got him on the news and a gofundme . fox news and usa today even picked it up !
' sign guy ' delivers emergency messages to the deaf community rain , hail or shine
ballpoint pen company made by blind workers celebrate 50 years
' our hero ' : new york firefighters to honor maui boy who lost battle with cancer . almost exactly a year ago , trucker dukes , a 3 year old boy from maui , lost his battle to cancer . trucker spent much of his fight in new york city at a top ranked cancer center right next to a fire station .
college student raises men by providing free lawn care to the elderly and disabled
20 of la ' s best chefs unite to help hurricane and earthquake victims wolfgang puck , michael voltaggio , nancy silverton , and more will serve a dinner to benefit victims of natural disasters .
a boy thought to be nonverbal can now speak after a trip to the dentist
chinese satellite with 24 . 9 billion pixels of quantum technology
' treasures ' in the trash: 34 years in sanitation taught him how to spot a gem
my people will share food with them " . bangladesh pm says she declares support for rohingya refugees " bangladesh is not a rich country . . . but if we can feed 160 million people , another 500 or 700 , 000 people , we can do it ,
stray dog without nose could find forever home soon
woman saves piglet from traffic , raises cash for its surgery
stand up comedian is a stand up guy .
youtube star who gave toothpaste filled oreo to homeless man gets 15 month jail sentence
student who adopted three slaughterhouse survivor dogs reveals their incredible transformation after escaping horrors of the chinese dog meat trade
breast cancer: early detection is the cure !
plane lands on house , everyone survives
when the world wont adapt for you you adapt it yourself
uber driver tipped with scratch ticket , wins $140 , 000
web design company donates free websites to people with disabilities
good samaritans rescue truck driver from rushing floodwaters
climbers leaving polish k2 expedition to perform rescue on nanga parbat ( x posted from r/climbing )
tulane offers tuition free semester to displaced students from puerto rico
when beach wedding is rained out , stranger runs up to bride and offers up her home instead
harvard university uncovers dna switch that controls genes for whole body regeneration
scientists in australia develop world first blood test to detect skin cancer before it spreads through the body
homeless teen named valedictorian , earns $3 million in scholarships
once homeless student who worked 4 jobs to support family graduates college
two years after his death , george michael is still donating to important charities
after 7 decades of independence , indian finally get right to privacy as their fundamental right .
maine hunter saves deer
all 48 london bridge attack victims who made it to hospital have survived
wwii veteran goes to graduation , surprised with diploma 73 years later
faith in humanity restored: from thoughtful neighbours to charitable tourists , are these the world ' s most heart warming acts of kindness ?
' amazing act of kindness ' homeless man given ' second chance at life ' after landlord gives him a home
ten african countries launch afr100 , a plan to restore 100 million hectares of forest , potentially leading to great social , economic , and ecological benefits .
clear the shelter event sees every dog , cat adopted from animal control [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
keanu reeves supports rome cinema collective attacked by far right
nadia murad: escaped yazidi isis sex slave on why she will continue to fight persecution after group vows to recapture her if its going to take my life alone to save lives of millions of people and to expose the crimes they have committed , then thats fine
after nearly two years and traveling 1 , 200 miles , dog finally home in florida
firefighter walks 24 hours straight to raise money for children of fallen heroes
these women save lives , one bomb at a time
pollutionwatch: air contamination drops by 30% in china who database lowers beijings particulate ranking from 40th worst in world to 187th , as coal plants flagged as key culprit
syracuse couple helps save buffalo marathon runners life
animal rights activists score win at barcelona zoo: city orders municipal zoo to restrict the reproduction of captive animals unless their young are destined to be reintroduced into the wild .
' it has been a dream ' : ethiopians are adjusting to rapid democratic changes
a lonely male in a bolivian museum was thought to be the last sehuencas water frog , but an expedition has found him a potential mate
from gang member to multimillionaire entrepreneur
mountain gorilla: population increase gives hope
volunteer drivers changing lives of leukaemia patients one road trip at a time
incredibly kind man buys single mom new set of much needed tires just because he ' s great
nc brothers welcome new babies on same day , at same time
modcloth donating $5 million in merchandise: " we ' re breaking up with black friday
bayer to stop sales of birth control device tied to injuries
coke studio to make deaf people experience music; the makers used a combination of lights and vibrations to make some members of the hearing impaired community experience music .
rabbit hash has a new dog mayor
wildlife rescuers work overtime to save 107 animals , including rhinos , from assam flood waters
indiana coffee shop offers free cup of joe for a good deed
google commits $1 billion in grants to train u . s . workers for high tech jobs
in portugal , drug use is treated as a medical issue , not a crime
muslim man and elderly jewish woman travel together to pray in manchester
people are quitting their boring day jobs and finding success hosting podcasts with zero broadcast experience .
first female bartender inducted into kentucky bourbon hall of fame
elderly man spoon feeds 80 year old wife ice cream in 98 degree weathera true act of kindness
officer loans car so family can rescue dogs destined for slaughter
91 year old hospital patient knits hats for homeless
big boost for women in india where boys are preferred over girls and prenatal sex determination is abused leading to a lopsided sex ratio
u . s . youth tobacco use in 2016 fell by largest amount in 6 years
police officer leaves pregnant waitress $100 tip along with ' lovely message ' written on check
cultural evolution: one million artists cant be wrong ! | collaborative art project on the popular web platform reddit reveals the structure of cultural change
indias forest cover goes up by 70 . 17 million hectares , equivalent to 21 . 34% of the country ' s geographical area .
chinese scientists harvest high yield rice grown using seawater in dubais deserts
sacramento approves hospice for the homeless
4 year old reunited with his teddy bear after losing it at dallas airport
south bend patrolman dives in river to rescue boy
dog saves choking toddler ' s life by waking sleeping mother
elephant protein destroys human cancer cells
ah finally ! ! apple to supply parts to independent repair shops for first time
one fashion designers quest to end child marriage , one scarf at a time
minneapolis police department budget cut by $1m to fund public safety programs instead
first uk polar bear cub in 25 years emerges from den
the end of plastic cutlery , plates and straws: eu market says goodbye to single use plastic products
with scientists warning that the northwests beloved killer whales are on the brink of extinction , washington gov . jay inslee announced dramatic plans thursday to help the population recover including $1 . 1 billion in spending and a partial whale watching ban .
energy california beat its 2020 emissions target four years early
businesses donate over $157 million to harvey relief efforts
scotland breaks renewable record , with enough power to supply 88% of homes
dad battling cancer writes 826 notes to his daughter , enough to last for every lunch till she graduates .
gofundme raises more than $55k for indiana middle school hero teacher
indian woman pulls her family out of poverty and it all started with a loan
the 24 hour birthday fundraiser for beagle freedom project
humans of payatas , sharing inspiring stories from one of the largest and poorets slums in the philippines , is featured on mashable .
these high school teens invented a straw that could detect common date rape drugs
a woman facing homelessness while caring for her mom wins a $390 , 000 jackpot
how a paradise garage , miraculously untouched by fire , saved a fleet of nurses and their patients
lost baby platypus rescued from storm drain
taiwan passes legislation to end animal testing by 2019
rare 18th century cello stolen at knife point , returned after social media appeal
india ' s first risc v based chip is here: linux boots on shakti processor ! | geek dave
after 70 days , b . c . state of emergency to end
sikh group hosts christmas feast for homeless inside birmingham railway station
u of tennessee qb spends day with student who had been bullied
all 234 people survive russian plane crash landing in cornfield after birds fly into engine
disposable " festival tents " should be banned to help prevent almost 900 tonnes of plastic waste each year , festival organisers have said . a group of more than 60 independent festivals across the uk have urged retailers such as argos and tesco to stop marketing and selling tents as single use items .
sikh community donates thousands to charity after sale of temple
' faceless ' fish missing for more than a century rediscovered by australian scientists
a new study has showed that labeling food choices in a hospital cafeteria with simple traffic light symbols indicating their relative health value was associated with a reduction in calories purchased by employees , and that the dietary changes were sustained over two years .
scientists developed a medication that can alleviate or even completely eliminate the symptoms of celiac disease . it should be available as early as 2021
a date with a prostitute
michael thomas &amp; saints stars help build ramp for disabled man
matted , half blind 20 year old cat missing for nine years is finally reunited with her owner
130 , 000 trees to be planted across england to combat climate change
dog and cat slaughter for meat now banned in the us
dutch king has been guest commercial pilot for 2 decades
this man spent decades befriending kkk members . hundreds have left the group because of him
bird nests atop police car , cops respond in sweetest way possible
african female chief breaks up 850 child marriages and pays for the kids to go back to school
in new zealand , a translated moana bolsters an indigenous language
teen saves up money to buy classmate new shoes , clothes
hacks , innovation give disabled players access to games
sisters separated 40 years ago in korea reunited working in same us hospital
norway plans to sell only electric and hybrid vehicles by 2025
' a deal is a deal ' airline crew go all black after twitter challenge
teaneck woman who saved home by baking apple cakes celebrates 10 years as entrepreneur
the company electronic arts donates $1 million to victims of jacksonville shooting .
holocaust survivor: i ' m giving $1 million to help wounded american veterans , to express my thanks
company offers puppy parental leave for new owners net dog
seaweed pouches will replace thousands of plastic bottles at the london marathon
a " ground breaking " drug that helps diabetes sufferers re grow insulin making cells has been developed . two patients have so far been dosed with the new drug and showed no ill effects after being monitored for 72 hours .
iraqi man saved countless lives by joining isis and setting up covert ambushes of suicide bombers . he would then have false news reports claim the attacks succeeded in order to hide the truth .
postal worker reunited with girl he rescued from human trafficking
surveillance video catches 10 year old girl saving her 3 year old sister from drowning .
red legged frogs thriving in yosemite after long absence
wild horses of the outer banks unharmed after hurricane florence
onions grown and processed in bunbury prison help fundraising groups
winnie the wombat: australia ' s oldest wombat celebrates 31 years
104 year old woman donates crocheted baby clothes
luggage lost , humanity found
this teen got her high school to ban abstinence only sex education
big hearted volunteers build new state of art bathroom for toddler whose incurable skin condition meant she couldn ' t cuddle her mother until she was five months old
rusty , winnipeg ' s glasses wearing hospital therapy dog , to be honoured with ceremony
cancer treatment to be covered in basic health insurance by 2018
teen fills stadium with 10 , 500 teddy bears to honor late friend .
uber rolls out feature for women drivers to request women riders in saudi arabia
plastic bottle village: houses built from 1 , 000 , 000 recycled bottles if you live in a plastic bottle house of 100 square meters , then your house will be built reusing 14 , 000 plastic bottles " which is about the same amount an average human uses and discards in a lifetime
15 members of the public lift up a garbage truck to free elderly man
kanagawa computer programmer , 82 , recognized worldwide for efforts to keep seniors digitally engaged
a rare genetic mutation leads to cancer . the fix may already be in the drugstore .
new zealand wants to make people happy , not rich new zealands latest budget , unveiled this week , is being touted as the first in a western country to put well being over economic pressures .
every slaughterhouse in britain will be forced to install cctv in bid to boost animal rights
the senate just passed bill to reinstate net neutrality !
man collapses in store after heart stops , no pulse for over 30 minutes . he is expected to make a full recovery due to swift action from multiple people .
after 2 sons battle cancer , nc family fights to end childhood cancer
kids with light allergy gets special playroom thanks to veterans program .
at 92 , a bandit to hollywood but a hero to soldiers
dutch government looking to letting daycares refuse non vaccinated kids .
quick police officer saves 4 year old boy with autism after falling in pond
til about the miracle on dan bus 4 where a mother and her son ran into each other after believing each had died in the holocaust years earlier .
cancer patient , 17 , graduates high school days before dying
transgender wwii veteran comes out as a woman at 90
worlds oldest cat is 31 and still has many lives left
stewart island residents leap into action to stop whales stranding in village harbour
an entangled adult humpback whale was freed by a team of trained responders off makena beach , maui on friday , jan . 12 , 2018 . the animal was trailing more than 285 feet of 3/8 braided line from its mouth . all gear was successfully removed and recovered .
teen raises $8 , 370 at local fair for neighbor diagnosed with breast cancer
nature came full circle
shelter staff celebrates empty kennels after successful adoptions
worlds largest brewer develops greener way to put bubbles in beer
saudi prince khaled bin alwaleed is turning the lights on in jordan
city of sandusky makes election day paid holiday , eliminates columbus day
dragon boat team of cancer survivors keeps moving forward
5 year old boy buys lunch for police officers with allowance
wartime crash mystery solved
albuquerque , n . m . , government drives van to popular panhandling locations twice a week with offers to pay for work on beautification projects in the city .
barcelona confirms women allowed to be topless in city pools
humanity at it finest
local veteran reunited with service dog a year after leukemia diagnosis
perth ' s first ocean rubbish bin is sucking plenty of plastic out of the sea
australian beachgoers rescue stranded baby whale
space tourism just took a step towards reality with a us company announcing plans to open a luxury space hotel in 2021
how 2 cops are using their singing to unite a community
community comes together to support canal repair , save beet crops
uk bans pet shops from selling puppies and kittens
catalans gather 178 , 000 signatures to save cow from slaughter due to lack of paperwork
broken hearted trucker finds beloved cat 400 miles down the road
conservationists successfully swoop in to save last of known endangered frog species just in the nick of time
girl scout troop opens a smartphone clinic for seniors to help bridge the tech gap
kindergarteners give newborn care packages to struggling parents
beloved louisville resident ' s violin stolen; in one day it was replaced .
the plan to save children with ' the worst of the worst ' cancers
ncaa builds dream court on citys east side , donates $100 , 000 to james cancer hospital
nullify drug war , empower juries , save lives: all in a day ' s work for this heroic defense attorney | brittany hunter
americas largest grocery chain bans plastic bags to eliminate 123 million pounds of garbage annually sent to landfills
after a remarkable resurrection from burning a million dollars a week , markusics rocket company , firefly , may reach space in 2019 .
nycs catholic church opens low income housing in the bronx
losing all four limbs to infection hasnt stopped frederic sausset from racing at le mans this year
muslim villagers donate money to build church for christian community in pakistan
nearly 500 ancient looted artifacts missing for centuries have finally been returned to peru ' s cultural ministry after they were recovered from locations in argentina , mexico , us and uk . many date back to before spanish colonization and originate from ancient indigenous groups .
homeless village to be built in edinburgh
high school robotics students build power wheelchair for 2 year old
migrant who saved young boy to be made french citizen
expelled in 1956 , black woman gets doctorate at u of alabama
sweden opens new road that charges electric vehicles like real life slot cars
post millennial generation on track to be most diverse , best educated
this kind woman did everything she could to reunite these two shelter cats and the story is beautiful
dr david nott receiving a special recognition award for his work in the world ' s most dangerous places , thanked by carol vorderman ( award host ) for saving her life 12 years before
mayor donates his annual salary to construct new library
the local news reported on the neighbor i grew up next to ! the video shows him taking to the skies as a licensed pilot less than a month after his 100th birthday and it simply rules .
japan ' s attempt to overturn commercial whaling ban fails | environment
all black talladega marching band raises $312 , 000 to play trump inauguration
small montana city elects former refugee as mayor
world ' s oldest person emma morano celebrates 117th birthday
the pizza gods of philly
dutch olympic champion completes 195 kilometer charity swim , raising over 5 million for cancer research
you are the motivation: mom thanks son for inspiring her to graduate from college
officer pulls man from oncoming train
ten years ago , marlie casseus had 16 pound facial tumor removed at jackson memorial hospital; she returns to thank the team that saved her life
can we help this dutch woman ? she want to cheer up her sick husband ( stage 4 cancer ) ( who loves to travel ) by asking strangers to send him pictures from all over the world with a handwritten text: ' dear murat , seline ' s love for you is so big ! it has reached allt the way too . . . ( insert place ) '
apple watch detected blood clots , says writer , and now helping him beat diabetes
couple ties the knot after 54 years as neighbours
mechanic to give away fourth free car to those in need
massive marine park declared in antarctic ocean the sanctuary will cover more than 12 percent of the southern ocean , which is home to more than 10 , 000 species including most of the world ' s penguins , whales , seabirds , colossal squid and antarctic tooth fish
scientists find key to regenerating blood vessels
dancing officer spreads joy at school in texas bbc news
renewables overtake coal as worlds largest source of electricity capacity
new syrian immigrant is master tailor and fixes a bride ' s damaged dress on her wedding day
a shelter in golden valley , minnesota is testing out housing for dogs where they can interact with each other , instead of being housed separately .
northern cree nominated for a grammy in the regional roots category .
thai soccer team found alive after 9 days lost in caves
maryland lawmakers pass ban on gay conversion therapy for minors
oklahoma city police officer saves choking infant at bricktown restaurant
anti vaxxers appear to be losing ground in the online vaccine debate
is anyone reading this stuff or are they so focused on the instruments used instead of the root of the problem ?
california , the united states ' most productive agricultural state , has banned a widely used pesticide blamed for harming brain development in babies .
my uncle has almost finished cycling from portugal to england but hasn ' t met his fundraising target . . . can you help ? !
mother of exiles " send these , the homeless , tempest tossed to me
thornton dad converts daughters wheelchair into mini police car
8 year old steers 60mph car to safety after mum has seizure
arizona man fulfills christmas wish list for mexican girl who sent letter to santa by balloon
til after " the worlds largest beach clean up " at mumbai ' s versova beach , olive ridley turtles returned to lay eggs for the first time in 20 years .
repost[/r/india] prisoner rehabilitation
iowa farmers pull together to harvest neighbor ' s last crop
wa ocean paddler rescued by royal australian navy submariner
cops fix grieving woman ' s water pump after husband dies in crash
good samaritan rescues lost dog surrounded by pack of aggressive coyotes in santa clarita
til there are more libraries than mcdonald ' s in the united states , and over half of adults have library cards
keybank giving $300 , 000 to nonprofit group helping homeless in portland
elon musk making kid sized submarine to rescue teens in thailand cave: " construction complete in about 8 hours , " the tech billionaire tweeted saturday .
i have cramps . " our 3 word policy on menstrual leave .
inspiring britain: glasgow ' s cheerful litter picker on a mission to make a difference to his city
harvard law grad helps low income kids aim high
the denver zoo announces birth of healthy lion cub
an anonymous shopper bought $1 million in toys ' r ' us toys right before stores went out of business . the toys ' destination ? into the arms of needy children .
nigeria is on the brink of eliminating polio , thanks to women
good samaritan reporter saves man , dog on hot day
ethiopians planted 350 million trees in 12 hours , setting a new world record
student accepted into over 115 schools and offered more than $3 . 7 million in scholarships
meet the 11 year old ceo trying to teach kids to code with her board game coderbunnyz
alaska mom thrilled her baby got to meet former president at airport
man stops street fight , talks brawling teens into shaking hands
immigration not linked to increased crime levels , finds us study over four decades
new research suggests that any maximum fixed lifespan has yet to be reached , and that human longevity is actually increasing
the heatwave in europe has prompted swiss police to outfit their dogs with shoes . yes , there is a photo !
boy , 12 , who sleeps for months celebrates first christmas awake for 4 years
chance the rapper announces $1 million donation to chicago public schools
pro wrestler sees a fan with down ' s syndrome . brings him into the ring ( x posted from r/videos )
marriott hotels ditching small plastic toiletry bottles
kyoani all the art is saved !
woo hoo ! finally got a donation !
one lonely monitor lizard found near a federal road and saved by police in germany
johnson &amp; johnson wins u . s . fda approval for bladder cancer drug
michael bay ' s transformers role for ' loneliest dog ' freya .
man proposes again after finding rings in ashes of home destroyed by california wildfire
a florida based beachwear company recruited a model with down syndrome in an effort to be more inclusive
ethiopia ' breaks ' tree planting record
loyal yorkshire terrier stayed with a missing 3 year old girl in a dense cornfield in missouri all nightand heroically led a search party to them .
gawker . com to end operations next week after nearly 14 years of operation
dear world , i wasn ' t all bad . signed , 2016
puppy abandoned at vegas airport with devastating note gets tons of adoption offers
it ' s time to quit your day job this veterinary hospital is hiring a cat cuddler
8 year old notices friend was denied hot lunch due to lack of money , buys lunch for 295 kids
new years day 2018
' brooklyn nine nine ' may live on with hulu or netflix
woman given just 3 days to live at birth graduates college
high school recreates graduation for student who recently woke up from coma
mayor offers unemployed phd graduate a job | cape argus
waiter finds $32 , 000 left at restaurant , returns to owner
queen ' s guards break formation for little boy
uk couple rush to thai hospital to give blood to help 21 year old british car crash victim after desperate international appeal to help find the a negative blood she needs
israel flying to moon for first lunar landing after spacex launch
you don ' t need a cape to be a hero
a group of ecuadorean scientists has discovered a hammerhead shark nursery where they have been born and sheltered for nearly a million years on the galapagos islands , the remote archipelago tucked away 1 , 000 kilometers off south americas pacific coast .
message in a bottle author found after 50 years
soho vigil: thousands of londoners gather for tribute to orlando nightclub massacre victims | london |
paralysed man able to move his hands again after a medical breakthrough
interpol: sudan rescues 94 human traffic victims , 85 minors
elderly woman donates $20 , 000 to help repair an anne frank memorial that was vandalized .
' speaking glove ' translates sign language into speech: device developed by 3 women in western india works with mobile app
bellevue cafe staff given $3 , 000 tip on a $39 check
new york city murder rate goes flat over christmas with none reported in five days
united airlines pilot paid for stranded college student ' s flight
rapper yg donates $150 , 000 to startup company girlcodela , an organization helping expose young girls to computer science , business , and software engineering .
hero cop who saved youtube shooting victims life honored by city
when students were bullied because of dirty clothes , a principal installed a free laundromat at school
the story of the mysterious harry potter plaque
hole in the ozone layer is finally ' healing ' science news
missing florida 4 year old found safe in tennessee after multistate search
plastic bag sales in england halved in past year
the milkman model returnsthis time for shampoo and haagen dazs
schoolgirls in north carolina just won a critical fight in the pants wars
japanese railways keep a defunct train station for a student , operating right when she go to school and went home .
jacksonville jaguars dt marcell dareus donates $125 , 000 to build classrooms in haiti
5 year old castaic boy diagnosed with fatal genetic disorder celebrated with halloween themed birthday
south carolina bill would ban animal cruelty offenders from adopting pets for five years
us tobacco companies forced to run ads admitting cigarettes are addictive and smoking kills
peace between israel and other arab countries to solve an environmental issue would be incredible
augusta , ga mom donates over 20 gallons of breast milk to help sick babies
the cherokee nation is donating nearly $500 , 000 to 131 area volunteer fire departments .
a acting academy will be opened in swiss in the name of stefan karl . he always wanted to make an academy for young people from around the world .
community steps up after dad fired for attending son ' s birth
' i was scared but i had to do something ' heroic girls save young boy ( 6 ) from drowning
kumamoto city to recognize lgbt partnerships
navy volleyball players save two teenage girls from drowning off florida coast
blind dog reunited with family after 7 days lost in mountains
chinese farmer unleashes 300 million hungry cockroaches to eat food waste: li yanrongs houses 300 million american cockroaches that together munch through about 15 tonnes of food waste a day , or about a quarter of districts kitchen scraps .
beavers are back in italy after an absence of nearly 500 years as big mammals rebound in europe
illinois to ensure medicaid coverage of gender affirming surgery
research group finds way to turn plastic waste products into jet fuel
californian law change means pet shops can sell only rescued animals
a peeling ? japanese farmers invent edible banana skin . if you dont like bananas then read no more if you do then today is a day of joy .
dunedin refugee family feels the love after stranger pays for groceries
canadian phd student makes a discovery that may effectively prevent the spread of cancer
tn chick fil a manager shares prayer with homeless man after giving him a full meal .
cake decorated by worker with autism goes viral
navy veteran: the ama stands up for lgbtq people in the military
a bride gave bone marrow to save a strangers baby . the child lived and was her flower girl .
azim premji billionaire wait a golden heart
world ' s humpback population booming
spokane boy gets special seahawks surprise , courtesy of russell wilson ' s mom
it is time to stand together against hate , racism , and extrimists !
alaska man woken up by lynx kittens crashing his deck
bristol teacher ' s end of term gift the sweetest present ever ?
tennessee deputy climbs down storm drain to save stranded kitten
taylor swift hangs out with fans at target in nashville
army veteran organizes rally to protect local mosque
autistic boy overcomes obstacles to build largest lego replica of the titanic
man ' s incredible effort to keep the memory of his dog alive .
ex circus elephants enjoy retirement in latin americaas first sanctuary
robert mugabe ' under house arrest '
town adds ' veteran parking only ' signs to parking lot
texas high school basketball team gets unlikely support
titanic stars kate winslet , leonardo dicaprio saved the life of a cancer patient who was 16 weeks pregnant
in an effort to reduce period poverty , british columbia has become the first canadian province to provide free tampons and pads to all students .
world ' s largest dinosaur footprint found in mongolian desert
breakthrough treatment helps paralysed patients walk
rival crip gangs are playing softball to make peace in la
long gone from their home in san francisco , the california pipevine swallowtail is back thanks to one man transforming his yard into a habitat for them
2 workers rescued from braintree water tank
students at stanford and the modern university for business and science in lebanon collaborate virtually on ways to improve refugee health
new wildlife bridge over i 90 in washington state nears completion .
' angels ' to block westboro baptist church ' s protest at orlando memorial
1 book giveaway " the heart of buddha ' s teaching " on tulipnation . com
police officers recount heroics to revive girl , 7 , after asthma attack: that first breath was very emotional for everybody . i teared up .
a bride shaves her head on her wedding day to support her terminally ill groom
man was told his gay brother went " missing " by christian parents , decades later they had an emotional reunion
blind dog has his own personal service dog to help guide him around
very uplifting silver lining the rose windows seemed to have been spared
who drops transgender from list of mental disorders
homeless veterans receive essentials to help put their lives back together
volunteers search for nine months for missing dog , finally find her
venezuela , in the middle of an economic crisis , was the first country to send aid to ecuador after yesterday earthquake
us government to pay 17 tribes a total of $500 million for the historical mismanagement of tribal land and resources
' it ' s a dream ' : afghan boy finally meets idol lionel messi
girl ' s ' promising ' aids remission after stopping anti hiv drugs encourages scientists
dying dad of 5 gets kidney transplant thanks to t shirt he made for disney trip
story of a 9/11 hero
ecstasy was just labelled a ' breakthrough therapy ' for ptsd by the fda
dog escapes shelter and runs miles to find volunteer he only met once
nicaragua agrees to free all opposition prisoners .
for years , this ikea has been quietly welcoming stray dogs off the streets so they can sleep inside
' we ' re much happier today ' family ' s relief as couple separated for first time in 63 years will be reunited in nursing home
navy helps reunite two wash . brothers in the middle of the mediterranean sea
beach clean ups held worldwide for world oceans day
to add to the news of free education for those attending madison , free tuition for ontario , canada residents
triple talaq: india court bans islamic instant divorce bbc news
message in a bottle author , paul gilmore , found 50 years after his letter was thrown overboard
nicki minaj is starting an ' official charity ' to pay off student loans
china is on track to beat its peak emissions pledge
homeless man offered job after being kicked off property
( usa ) dea ends its monopoly on marijuana growing for medical research
clemson football players offer hugs , puppies for finals stress
preschool teacher inspires a student to embrace her natural hairstyle
event summary #homelessholidays in barcelona
woman reunites with daughter she thought had died at birth nearly 70 years ago
briton leslie binns abandons everest effort 500 meters from the summit to save fellow climber
10 animals that have been recently taken off the endangered list
majestic horses turn this wedding photo into a masterpiece
chrissy teigen and john legend donated $200 , 000 to time ' s up in the name of usa gymnasts ' heroism
virginia governor signs ' tommie ' s law , ' making animal cruelty a felony offense
archaeologists identify first prehistoric figurative cave art in balkans , its symbolic !
playing in the ruins of war: children reclaim their space
birds , bees and butterflies benefited from this year ' s balmy spring , the national trust ' s annual review has found , with species returning to areas where they had not been seen for decades . . . mild start to the year led to a good nesting season for birds and helped insects to thrive .
quinoa could solve the world ' s looming food shortage , say scientists who cracked the plant ' s gene code
she grew up with nothing in rural china now she runs one of the hottest startups in la
somalias first post civil war memorial could be erected to the victims of its deadliest ever attack
the world ' s rarest wild dog has not gone extinct after all
numbers show fewer people being struck by lightning
teen fast food employee saves toddler ' s life by giving cpr
infectious disease doctor from harvard has been providing health care for haiti ' s impoverished communities for over 30 years .
' hero ' lorry driver helps stranded woman get to hospital to give birth
ronda rousey goes off on nsac for nick diaz ' 5 year marijuana suspension
stiliyan petrov set to return to villa four years after cancer diagnosis
a special needs day care , the forgotten children , and a miracle ( 36 photos )
billy sims foundation donates $25 , 000 to train rescue dogs
donor dog saves fellow canine ' s life
steak loving dog abandoned to have forever home
recovering drug addict turns himself into a triathlon champion .
deputy responds to girl , 19 , who ' stole ' his bike to get home safely: ' it had to be scary for her '
secret santa pays for $45 , 000 worth of layaway items at longmont walmart
goat ' s duck costume cures her anxiety
native teen to run 1400 miles from arizona to standing rock for pipeline protest
a rural community decided to treat its opioid problem like a natural disaster
car mechanic shifts gears , becomes a doctor at age 47 and helps address shortage of black doctors
obama bans solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons
teen battling bone cancer marries high school sweetheart in hospital
hawaiian canoe finishes trip around the globe
billionaire paul allen pledges $30m toward permanent housing for seattles homeless
police officer adopts homeless mother ' s opioid addicted newborn child
exhausted london marathon runner helped across the line by a fellow competitor prompting praise from spectators .
learner driver robot gearing up to be a chauffeur in toyota , japan artificial intelligence based kengoro is practicing the skill with the aim of becoming able to not only drive its owners home , but also to provide assistance for elderly people and people with disabilities .
instead of birthday presents , 12 year old organizes skating fundraiser
how george park beat anti chinese laws and started a prominent santa fe family
candlelight vigil held for taco bell destroyed by fire
canadian muslim woman buoyed after stranger halts hate attack
fbi arrests man in myrtle beach allegedly planning attack ' in the spirit of dylann roof '
hope for the rest of us
life expectancy has doubled globally in the last 100 years
teenage girl saves cousin from drowning .
brazil backs ' guardians of the amazon ' : in a rare move , brazil is providing armed back up to indigenous people protecting the world ' s most threatened tribe from illegal loggers , a decision that campaigners lauded as a " landmark " in efforts to halt deforestation in the amazon .
turkey president erdogan ' talks man out of suicide ' bbc news
yo yo ma plays a private concert for siblings who were held in shackles by their parents after hearing about their interest in music
pharmacist credited with saving customer ' s life
judo star takes dream trip to disneyland after miraculous recovery from horror accident in vietnam
mit ' hackers ' turn great dome into captain america ' s shield
hero cat saves sleeping family of 5 from fire
in a first , transgender person becomes news anchor in pakistan
teenager dying of cancer fulfills wish to marry childhood sweetheart
a mothers message inspires central cougars senior
two childhood sweethearts tie the knot after spending 64 years apart
couple finds buried safe full of money , gold and jewelry in their backyard
bus driver takes detour to make sure a lady with dementia gets home safely
young archie artist stella jackson inspired to paint her close friend and plastic surgeon
b . c . researcher ' s discovery brings him a step closer to dream of clean water worldwide
16 year old mcdonald ' s worker praised for helping boy with autism
germany: man finds $166 , 000 in old cupboard , hands it back
bio inspired membrane captures 90% of co2 in power plant emissions
textbook written by ucc professor offered to students for free
this is revision darpa ' s talos real life super soldier project
europe coal generation collapsed by 19% in first six months of 2019
new auto service in surat: by the women , for the women times of india
sorority grants world war ii vet ' s final wish to dance with a beautiful woman
the canadian government to set up a scheme whereby social media profiles and messages are searched and analyzed using an artificial intelligence tool , in order to predict suicides .
this guy went to an affluent sc high school but was secretly homeless . now he ' s 2 semesters from becoming his family ' s first college graduate
drug court giving families a chance to break the cycle of opioid use
shopkeep went to woman ' s aid after she didn ' t show up for paper
christmas is celebrated for the first time in aleppo , syria , for the first time in 5 years .
a doctor in nepal has restored vision to over 130 , 000 people , sometimes hiking for days to reach remote areas
sounds of a polar bear cub . spoiler ( it can play the piano )
first coal free day in britain since industrial revolution
woman suffering from brain tumor has dream wedding , thanks to hospital staff
rainbow railroad " helping lgbt citizens escape oppressive governments
sixty strangers attend funeral of man with no traced friends or relatives ( redruth , uk )
young men seek barbecue dad in spokane for fathers day weekend qualifications include a minimum of 18 years of experience as a dad and 10 years of grilling experience . the successful dad must bring his own grill , but burgers and hotdogs will be provided .
almost $45 , 000 raised in less than a week for barista with cancer
nhs patients in england to be offered free tampons
watch as brain damaged violinist performs with friend using just her thoughts
adorable , but frightened sloth rescued from side of highway
thousands of felons who served their time can now officially vote again in maryland . new law says if you are out of prison , you can vote .
muslim students send flowers to jewish organisations and synagogues
a dutch girl is teaching migrant kids to turn the boats they arrived on , into backpacks for the onward journey .
breaking from campaign rhetoric , trump brings terrorism suspect to u . s . for trial
the proportion of the worlds population living in poverty is going down , not up ( for more , see " enlightenment now " or " factfulness " )
nepal is banning single use plastic in the everest region
over 100 bikers to escort bullied boy to school
missing australian man found safe and well . ( repost , because i had technical difficulties the first time . )
university of utah scientists search dna to save a ' one in a million ' boy
1 lb . ' miracle puppy ' survives being picked up and dropped by hawk without breaking a bone
doctors told woman with cancer to move up wedding day . she refused , had best day ever
oregon man finds ' dying ' bear cub while hiking , brings it to wildlife rehab center
missing 5 year old girl who sparked amber alert on australia ' s gold coast found safe 7 news
remarkable heimlich save: 5 brilliant stories this week
first new drug in decades gives hope to als patients
mom dog who lost puppies in a fire adopts puppies after mom dies in labor
this ceo is creating opportunities for entrepreneurs in developing economies ( and you can too )
a 9 year old girl competed in a 24 hour obstacle course designed by the u . s . navy seals to raise awareness against bullying
this athlete worked at big w for nine years to follow his olympic dream
88 year old indiana man makes blankets for police to give to children
' they give us life ! ' : seniors get boost from weekly play dates
women who violate tehran dress code wont be arrested , for the first time in nearly 40 years
4 year old superhero on a mission to save homeless people
scientists discovered exoplanet with much more water in its atmosphere
racist message on tennessee woman ' s car brings rallies community together to help her
a 19 yr old pizza delivery guy helped save a man ' s life by performing cpr on the customer who was turning blue outside the house .
parents are taking their son with autism to every wetherspoon in the uk
new jersey newlyweds track down wedding crashers who were the life of the party
uk inventor creates bee saviour cards that fit in your wallet and revive exhausted bees
the revolutionary armed forces of colombia ( farc ) have turned over several conscripted children to the red cross . farc has begun releasing children from its military ranks as part of a landmark peace deal with the government .
' a dog ' s way home ' : how shelby went from junkyard stray to movie star
newly discovered disease could hold key to alzheimer ' s , parkinson ' s and even ageing
doctor uses baby shark to motivate toddler with spina bifida to learn to walk .
israeli scientists claim to be on brink of development of a cure for cancer as they are nearing a clinical trial after successfully treating mice !
pakistan pm khan seeks peace talks after modi ' s election win
hundreds walk to support homeless , but it ' s a long road ahead
somehow the toddler had been pushed into an air pocket when the boat overturned . for more than 45 minutes , the life vest she was wearing held her head up in the only place where she could have survived .
grieving dad hears deceased daughter ' s heart beat in donor recipient
it ' s time to select the best of uplifting news 2017 , and we need your help !
new york state deconstructs private prisons; becomes first state to make move
two nuns met at a mission , fell in love , and married each other ( x post from /r/atheism )
frida: the mexican rescue dog who has saved more than 52 lives | world news
baby turtles return in mumbai after largest beach clean up ' in history
tennessee man uses solar power to empower minority communities
damian marley converting prison into a marijuana farm
hero cat alerts owners to attic fire
scientists find a way to re experience dreams while being wide awake
billionaire pledges to pay off entire graduation class ' s student loans
the first part isnt uplifting but we all know about it so i think it counts
iraqi soldier shoots dead the daesh commander who once made her a sex slave .
newborn baby of fallen soldier has photo shoot with her father ' s army " brothers
a level student helps grenfell tower residents all night then sits exam
rescue reunion: man finds good samaritan he calls guardian angel
patients punch back at parkinsons disease through boxing lessons
ozone layer hole will totally heal within 50 years cnn
tom hanks and rita wilson pay for fans meals at in n out burger
atlanta 6 year old with lemonade stand raises $13 , 000 for separated migrant families
rare bird lays blue eggs in libyan park
indian priest carries member of lower caste into temple to symbolically protest caste oppression .
these 3 couples donated $1b or more to their foundations in 2017
lady gaga to fund all classroom projects in 3 u . s . cities hit by recent mass shootings
this adorable little boy is an absolute maths genius
boy ' s death and subsequent donation of his organs inspires organ donation across italy
doctors save canadian woman ' s life by removing her lungs for six days
reporter of the year: pakistani journalist covers his own wedding , interviews wife
east high school , utah , opening laundry facilities , food bank , and clothing bank for homeless students
kansas churchgoers hold candlelit vigil in support of muslim immigrants targeted by far right terrorists
happiness is the key ingredient in better quality milk
pastor forced from church for challenging white supremacy says it was " unequivocally " worth it
this indiana pilot program is feeding needy students with food that once would have gone to waste
toddler breathalysed by joking police
restaurant owner says ' grazie , ' with discount to families with well behaved kids
rian johnson , writer director of star wars: the last jedi , to create all new star wars trilogy
chanel bringing a smile to everyone that hears her
capital one colleagues raise over $20k for family who lost everything in tornado
the wisdom collector: chris hadfield on how to separate fear from danger*
there has been a significant drop in the number of child marriages worldwide , the united nations children ' s agency says . unicef estimates that 25 million child marriages have been prevented in the past decade .
minimum wage increases in six cities working as intended , berkeley study of food service jobs finds
this young man travels for two hours a day to help a man with a mental illness train for a half marathon
guy fieri cooks for carr fire evacuees after 2017 blaze threatened his home
christie brinkley makes her triumphant return to sports illustrated swimsuit issue at 63
bullied buck toothed kid finally gets his perfect smile
after this teenager won a free years supply of pizza , she found the perfect thing to do with it
youtuber smashes $69 , 420 goal for trans charity mermaids in non stop donkey kong 64 stream
instead of riots , cleveland has a party
donkey used to rescue escaped zebra at a tennessee truck stop .
woman takes down confederate flag she ' s flown for 7 years , apologizes to anyone she offended
bbc radio 4 comedy panel show ' just a minute ' turns 50 years old today and is still hosted by 94 year old nicholas parsons , who has never missed any of its 885 episodes
sewing program helps make entrepreneurs of greater toronto area refugees
farm aims to feed a million bumblebees
community raises over $2 million for charity started by a mother with cancer
muslim led fundraiser to repair jewish cemetery after vandalism surpasses goal
proposal to spend 25% of european union budget on climate change
internet tax ban likely to become permanent
the uk declares a climate emergency
pakistan to create 1 , 000 courts to tackle violence against women
kennywood amusement park becomes certified autism center
once paralyzed 11 year old boy walks 100 yards at university of michigan football stadium
german boy , nine , saves young brother in korbach pool
indigenous rapper challenges men to ' step up ' for the women in their lives
walmart commits to banning eggs from caged hens in brazil
butt dial foils barbecue robbery
51 years ago , a gold cross was lost . with luck and aloha , it ' s been found and returned: a california man has finally reclaimed a family heirloom he lost in waikiki over five decades ago .
man reunited with missing dog after losing his wife in car crash
paramount drops transformers 6 from its slate
town members line up at 6am to buy out baker john chhans entire doughnut store each morning so he can shut his store early to be with his sick wife in hospital .
kochi restaurant installs public fridge for people to leave food for the homeless
ethiopia ' breaks ' tree planting record
one more to go: illinois ratifies equal rights amendment
what children packed before fleeing homes in fort mcmurray
deputy still close to baby he revived at campbell cafe
man helps family get service dog
saudi women should have choice whether to wear abaya robe: crown prince
we need more people like him
poacher eaten by lions he was hunting in south africa
high school orchestra was playing at state assessments when the lights went out , and they kept on playing .
athlete who met a adorable pooch on a marathon is now bringing her home
elon musk releases all tesla patents to help save the earth: " if we clear a path to the creation of compelling electric vehicles , but then lay intellectual property landmines behind us to inhibit others , we are acting in a manner contrary to that goal .
heartwarming video of gas station employee dancing with elderly customer going viral
baby born on jet airways plane bags free air tickets for life
arizona volunteer finds $4g in hollowed out book , then tracks down owner , returns cash
the seemingly " disastrous " story of the world ' s most endangered mammal the northern white rhino could be rewritten by ivf , scientists claim . they used the method to produce rhino embryos with sperm from two dead males .
first climber with down syndrome to make it to the summit of grand teton .
builder retrofits home free of charge for 12 year old paralyzed girl
lets do our thing reddit family of boy with incurable cancer asks for birthday cards
smoking banned in public housing nationwide , effective today
man who poured boiling water over child killing pedophile released from prison
burgled shop raises money for homeless heroine
man scales building to reunite baby chipmunk with its mom ( watch )
curious dog finds box of abandoned kittens , instantly decides to be their dad
' pharma bro ' martin shkreli loses appeal , will stay in prison
police dog fired for being too friendly , gets new job as greeter
terminally ill teen won historic ruling to freeze body
colts cheerleader meets and forgives teen who used racial slur
when adisynn kiker turned 8 years old last week she asked family and friends to donate food to pets in need . her birthday wish spread throughout her community , prompting dozens of businesses and people to donate more than 12 , 000 pounds of dog and cat food in just a few days to the humane society .
the world installed a record 98 gigawatts of new solar capacity in 2017 , far more than the net additions of any other technology renewable , fossil fuel or nuclear
eagles qb carson wentz is launching a charitable food truck called thy kingdom crumb that will give free meals to philadelphians in need
father draws gun in a hospital to prevent ' brain dead ' son from being taken off life support . son makes full recovery .
killing coal in colorado with solar+wind+storage by 2025 . per an analysis by vibrant clean energy , itll take approximately 2 . 8 gw of solar power , 8 gw of wind and 765 mw / 3 gwh of energy storage to allow colorado to shut down its 4 gw of coal by 2025 , while also lowering electric rates by 5% .
liberated from isis , kurdish woman says she ' ll only wear red for rest of her life
customers at a cafe in melbourne , australia are helping to warm the hearts and the bellies of people less fortunate .
the sun newspaper losses exceed 77m as ad slump and hacking charges take toll | media
rwandan genocide: a humble hero damas gisimba is credited with saving over 400 people in the 1994 genocide .
companies hire refugees for super bowl li events
video: woman didn ' t realize she dropped money until four legged good boy returned it to her
fundraiser for ' fluffy , ' homeless movie ticket taker , hits $63k
suicide net on golden gate bridge will save lives
the person who won the $1 . 5 billion power ball jackpot is a 62 year old registered nurse with seven children , six of whom are also nurses . the ticket was given to her by her boss who bought 18 , 000 tickets for his employees and residents at 80 nursing homes .
missing 5 year old and 8 year old sisters found alive
pet cat missing in australian outback found 100km from home 12 months later . first good meal is a tradie ' s bacon sandwich !
scientists have connected the brains of 3 people , enabling them to share thoughts
albuquerque shelter dog leaves to become rescue dog in california
mother reunites with kidnapped son after 21 years
military training cadet carries junior for 2 . 5 km to complete run , general presents his ray ban aviators as praise
israelis and palestinians partner to save animal shelter
googles launching a toilet locator tool to combat indias sanitation problems
missing north carolina girl found alive , chained to tree
escaping east germany by hot air balloon
paul kelly , owner of paul kelly motor company , is taking all 45 staff at his christchurch business to las vegas for a week to celebrate 20th anniversary
funnel web spider can kill melanoma cells and tassie devil tumours potentially saving the species
msu president rejects raise; trustees create scholarship instead
ohio law allows for car windows to be smashed to save kids and pets
huge water reserves found all over mars
star wars kid " overcame intense childhood bullying to graduate from law school and speak out against cyber bullying
black men in america are living almost as long as white men
portland schools win $11 million to usher low income students to college ( crosspost /r/oregon_politics )
a democrat led crowdfunding campaign raised $13 , 000 to rebuild the bombed gop office in north carolina
google fiber provides free high speed internet for residents with low income
two judges , best friends , bonded by gift of life
ohio camaro club raises money to buy kid with enchroma special glasses to see color for the first time
modicare: india ' s government plans huge free healthcare program
the dark town that built a giant mirror to deflect the sun
52 year old whale lolita could be about to return home after being kept in captivity for most of her life
grandmother believes in helping kids however you can help kids she is one of the countless grandparents whose soft spot for children translates into annual gifts to the portland press herald toy fund .
drone finds climber presumed dead on world ' s 12th largest mountain
bystander catches baby thrown from third floor in dallas apartment fire
new elephant sanctuary will provide safe home for elephants retired from brutal logging industry
texas man with autism helps design virtual world to make life better for adults like him
gofundme pages for olathe shooting victims hit $1 million
blend it like beckham: star buys paramedic hot drink
wild tiger recovery in thailand is a roaring success so far !
good samaritan helps rescue four squirrels with tails tangled together in maine
if you have an lgbtq friend or family member scared because of trump elect , show them this .
north korea to finish dismantling nuclear test site ' within two weeks ' north korea is " taking technical measures " to dismantle its nuclear test site within the next two weeks , according to state media .
dog mistakenly flown to japan reunites with family in kansas
after 25 years on patrol , retiring officer tells son to treat others with respect
all 12 boys and coach rescued from thai cave !
he ' s probably the kindest man i ' ve ever known . he ' s just a good guy , " she said . all of the money schiappa raises goes to the coalition for the homeless . last year , he raised $10 , 000 .
anonymous donor gives $10 , 000 to pay maine student lunch debts
us army veterans find peace in protecting rhinos from poaching
humble carpenter was a secret millionaire who left fund for 33 strangers to go to college
restoring new york harbor with one billion oysters
nasa will open the international space station to tourists starting next year
syrian refugee ( 14 ) teaches herself to play piano in under six months at mosney and people are amazed at how good she is
donald trump ' s 3km wall has been successfully opposed in ireland
lawmakers propose bill that would make animal cruelty a felony in the u . s .
undergrads build prosthetic arm for 10 year old violinist
milkmen are returning to london as millennials order glass milk bottles in a bid to slash plastic waste
fatherly love
twitter helps cops rescue injured hawk near wall street
peyton barber , tamba bay running back who left school early because his mother was homeless , gets his mom a place of her own
secret santa pays $79k at 2nd walmart layaway
mexico sells off cars from corrupt rich to give to the poor | world news
justices: nebraska county owes $28m for wrongful convictions
el paso sheriff blocks deputies from working at tent city for migrant children
saskatchewan man rips down , burns nazi flag flying on house
separated by the foster care system , a camp in the colorado mountains is reuniting siblings
pilot stops take off so couple could say goodbye to dying grandson
raw video: shirtless man dives into frozen new york lake to rescue two stranded dogs
firefighter pays struggling family ' s $1k electric bill
old motels get new life helping homeless heal
dispite warning from police , nova scotia man remains committed to filling in potholes off exit 23
french billionaires pledge $339 million to help rebuild notre dame
houston convention center shelters one more harvey survivor: an opera company
meet the globe trotting hairdresser who helps homeless people look sharp
deputy looking for missing baby in montana mountains was giving up hope . then he heard a whimper
ky thuat thi sat hach lai xe hang b2 giup at iem toi a
man accomplishes his dream of working for nintendo
research predicts wind and solar could green the sahara
men eat dinner with widowed elderly woman who was sitting by herself at restaurant
mexico , leonardo dicaprio foundation , and the carlos slim foundation sign mou to protect critically endangered vaquita
moving from homelessness to registered nurse supported to success
woman stuck in bath for four days ' saved by waitress '
evil catholic el salvador pardons woman sent to jail for 30 years after suffering a miscarriage
wwii veteran makes , donates quilts for charity
a different kind of uplifting news: maryland accepts responsibility in mcnair death
' pink drink ' brain cancer treatment rolled out across nhs could save thousands of lives
cancer patient wins a year of free pizza , gives it to food bank
google started a new tool to sites seo implementation
philip h . knight , the co founder and chairman of nike inc . , said on monday that he had pledged to give stanford university $400 million to recruit graduate students around the globe to address societys most intractable problems , including poverty and climate change .
haddonfield middle school students put on play to encourage voting
an elderly shop owner in hawaii is robbed and assaulted . she returns to work a couple days later showered in love and support by the community . the robber gets arrested too .
the washington capitals and pittsburgh penguins have one of the nhl ' s fiercest rivalries . but what happened wednesday night at their game in d . c . made that enmity an afterthought . a caps fan gave his raffle winnings to pittsburgh victims fund
north , south korea to march together under one flag at winter olympics
young arctic fox recorded trekking from norway to canada across the polar ice pack
1 ) unemployed father is offered a job after handing out resumes on the street ( 2 ) wind power surpasses coal in texas largest consumer of coal in us ( 3 ) man helps young boy doing homework on the streets of peru ( 4 ) ophthalmologist treks to rural nepal , restoring the sight of over 130 , 000 people
dog saves life of master and family from landslip in kerala , india
palestine: marry your rapist law repealed
restaurant guest tips $100 to each of 17 kitchen workers .
woman buys plane ticket for stranger ' s 2 year old when he couldn ' t afford it
indian team to bring back stranded elephant from bangladesh
paul allen: microsoft co founder remembered for francis point provincial park donation
woman who rescued nigerian ' witch child ' beats obama , pope francis to top list of world ' s most inspiring people
roger waters lends hand in reuniting mother with kidnapped children
entire high school goes silent during graduation out of respect for their sound sensitive classmate
delta steps in to fly 41 stranded students to their field trip after american airlines cancels flight
mpd district 4 rallies around boy who says officer irvine was his best friend
chick fil a gifts 100 year old man free food for the rest of his days
blind , autistic student chosen as high school homecoming king
finland will soon hand out cash to 2 , 000 jobless people , free of bureaucracy or limits on side earnings . the idea , universal basic income , is gaining traction worldwide .
hundreds of riders form funeral procession for young utahn who loved motorcycles
mars aims to tackle " broken " cocoa model with new sustainability scheme
app that can remove women ' s clothes from images shut down
til an australian neurosurgeon has completed a world first marathon surgery removing cancer riddled vertebrae and successfully replacing them with a 3d printed body part .
ontario passes rowans law to prevent concussions in young athletes
babysitter cancels &amp; mom has to bring baby to college class professor holds baby thru entire lecture
four teenage boys save 90 year old woman from burning house
pope gives boy with down ' s syndrome gleeful ride
anheuser busch pauses beer production to send water to harvey victims
young obese man loses half his bodyweight and looks unrecognisable
bay area homicides plunged to historic lows in first half of 2018
iranian actress posts pictures without hijab to protest against repressive laws , gets banned from acting !
lexington turns parking tickets into food for the hungry
street singer was ignored by everyone , then 4 kittens came to show their support
maine police officer buy woman a tank of gas to help her get home after her wallet is stolen .
pope decrees bishops must be directly accountable for sex abuse or cover ups
beloved mcdonald ' s worker with down syndrome celebrates 30 years with the fast food company
a mum of two gave up alcohol and smoking to conquer a 250km desert endurance race in 40c heat . the 41 year old , has raised more than 1 , 500 for a parkinson ' s charity .
stranger help out fellow parent on long flight
world ' s wild tiger count rising for first time in a century
clarence shipley exonerated of murder after 27 years in prison
an arkansas lawyer bought 1 , 500 pairs of shoes from a payless going out of business . now she ' s donating them to kids in need
indian govt slashes cardiac stent prices by over 75 per cent the economic times
these drones can plant 100 , 000 trees in one day
this amazon workers reason for quitting seemed so completely ridiculous that hr thought he was joking
ifs ( indian forest service ) officer helped save sikkims forests &amp; dying springs
flight attendant on duty over christmas sees familiar face: her dad booked a seat on each plane she worked
elephants work together to escape
prince harry credits army sergeant for building his confidence after mom ' s death
newly discovered bacteria can eat plastic bottles , possibly leading to easier clean up of litter in our oceans
learn sign language for free on snapchat
boy gets the same haircut as his best friend to confuse their teacher
grandfather hands stranger ' s toddler $20 bill in target for most tragic reason
a pregnant restaurant server gets a $900 tip
trump administration launches global effort to end criminalization of homosexuality
adele surprises grenfell tower firefighters with cake
bummed out about president trump ? heres some free books to help you feel better !
9 year old diagnosed with stage 4 lymphoma , thanks to msk center out of hospital in just 4 months
jake ?
high school homecoming canceled , students show up anyway
rudy on duty: philly cop ' s game with kids goes viral
air canada pilot orders 23 pizzas to plane stranded on tarmac
researchers discovered a fern which can reduce global warming . a little step to fight climate change .
ten year old colorado girl becomes youngest person to climb el capitan
woman invites police officer who once arrested her for drugs to college graduation
95 year old world war ii veteran; drafted during senior year of high school , finally gets to walk at graduation
the need for ' diversity training ' and the basis for identity politics rises from the premise that racism , sexism and bigotry are rampant in america . a large ( 14700+ respondents ) peer reviewed , multi institutional study tells a quit different story .
first baby of 1980 has the first of 2017
chinese naval hospital ship peace ark provides free medical services in djibouti . it will then travel to sierra leone , gabon , tanzania and other countries to provide free medical and humanitarian services .
chernobyl disaster site transforming into one of worlds largest solar farm
nanny donates part of her liver to a toddler with a life threatening liver disease
woman tracks down stranger who hugged her in saddest moment of her life
would tony scott continue to work as federal cio in trump administration . he is 1 top it political appointee in the obama administration open to the idea of staying for trump administration if offered the chance . he was recently presented with 2016 icit ( american cyber think tank ) pinnacle award .
plastic bag sales in england halved in past year
cheers ! ! measles has been eliminated from the americas
a guy fought the entire school system to restore his daughter ' s confidence , after a bad teacher refused to award her points for a correct answer .
1 . 5m trees will be planted today as part of massive ' plant for pakistan ' campaign
watch: 370 cats enjoy open air sanctuary living in hawaii .
selfless officer donates kidney to 8 year old boy she only just met
11 year old girl turns family recipe into million dollar business &amp; uses the profits to save bees .
seattle based company zulily is doing it right .
tesla driver uses his model s to stop runaway car with an unconscious man at the wheel on autobahn , then got out and performed first aid on the man .
crinkling news , australia ' s only kids ' newspaper , saved as $200k crowdfunding target reached
dentist fixes domestic abuse survivor ' s tooth for free
a boy has spent 18 months growing his hair to help make wigs for children with cancer
charity shop discovers 70 year old wartime love letters in donated curtains
germany , one of the largest consumers of coal , has decided to shut down all its coal fired plants by 2038 . the country has made this announcement owing to its international commitments in the fight against climate change .
baby panda born in belgium zoo is ' true miracle '
kids visiting these pediatricians get free books with every check up
cop celebrates child ' s birthday after child is left at school
us is becoming the second most attractive renewable energy market in the world
the widow of nobel peace prize winner liu xiaobo has left china for germany after eight years in unofficial detention
son brings train show tradition to bedridden dad by building his own
this social enterprise is turning plastic waste into currency
dog becomes best friends with a kitten who loves to ride on his back as they go on hiking trips
ellen macarthur launches $2 million prize to help solve plastic pollution
this little boy getting ketchup for christmas is pure holiday joy
the real forrest gump a friend of mine is running across america 4 times for charity . he is a legend and should have raised more money imo http://www . goingthedistancerun . com/
man ' s effort to send fast food worker to nursing school goes viral
high school cross country runner helps his rival with autism to the finish line
hollywood legend dick van dyke casually sings for diners in denny ' s
ethiopia and eritrea declare end of war
bikers patrol flood hit yorkshire towns to deter looters
refugees encounter a foreign word: welcome how canadian hockey moms , poker buddies and neighbors are adopting syrians , a family at a time .
deaf man adopts deaf rescue puppy and teaches him sign language
indiana animal shelter enlists help of pokemon go players to walk dogs
newlyweds asked guests to bring school supplies to their wedding instead of gifts so they could be donated to needy children
some of these made my heart smile
the boys brain tumor was growing so fast that he had trouble putting words together . then he started taking an experimental drug targeting a mutation in the tumor . within months , the tumor had all but disappeared . 11 out of 11 other patients have also responded in early trials .
this was part of an email sent out by walgreens pharmacy . the subject of the email was " 5 remedies for an overactive bladder " .
a bee autiful story: man saves queen less bee swarm
a teacher battling cancer ran out of sick days so his coworkers gave theirs
now over 63 million: more americans voted for hillary clinton than for any candidate in history not named barack obama .
republic of ireland fans sing tribute for northern ireland fan who died in nice
crossing guard saves 8 year old from kidnapping
doctor dresses as chewbacca to let his 15 year old patient know that hell be receiving a new heart .
$3 " pay it forward " cheeseburger snowballs into kind act for army veteran
nanny saves life of baby she cares for by donating part of her liver
hogwarts express rescues family stranded in highlands
this boy scout earned every possible merit badge
girls lemonade stand raises $10k for families of fallen dallas police officers
bullied autistic student gets asked to prom by local pageant winner .
local tavern owner makes and sells candles using empty beer bottles with some of the proceeds going to the believe in tomorrow foundation , which helps critically ill children .
world ' s first plastic free supermarket aisle debuts as momentum builds to reduce waste . with nearly 700 plastic free goods , aisle gives shoppers the opportunity to buy their groceries in " new compostable bio materials as well as traditional materials " such as glass , metal and cardboard .
makers of sam adams and dogfish head beer announce merger deal
chile just converted 11 million acres into new national parks
service dog gets to be part of owner ' s graduation ceremony
with successful charity events already on her resume , this 11 year old superstar fundraiser proves youth are the leaders of today .
when a furniture showroom becomes a storm shelter
100 year old gleason showing no signs of slowing down
viral post of volunteer napping with cats brings in funds to run sanctuary for a year
white house poised to create first monument to gay rights
brain cancer to get more funding in tribute to tessa jowell , says no 10: brain cancer research will have its government funding doubled to 40m and gold standard tumour diagnosis tests will be rolled out to all nhs hospitals , in tribute to dame tessa jowell , downing street announced on sunday .
notre dame beats mississippi state on last second shot to win national championship
nyc will now be providing free menstrual products in shelters , prisons , and public schools !
montreal student graduates from police academy 10 years after being held hostage by college shooter .
a school asked for 50 extra men to show up for a ' breakfast with dad ' event . 600 showed up .
snow leopard , clouded leopard and cheetah cubs born at toronto zoo
my grandmother is a local celebrity . she was just featured in the paper for running her restaurant at 80 !
warren buffett and his sister doris buffett created a nonprofit called the letters foundation that gives out personal grants to help individuals in need but only after they sent warren and doris a written letter explaining their crisis .
documentary reveals donkeys as humble , dignified beasts , despite abuse audio
just taking the dire wolf for a walk .
more books being read in croatia
a remote $43 million island facility could be a game changer for indias solar sector
project backboard " upgrades basketball courts with colorful murals and inspires communities
she spent 15 of 17 years of her life living in hotels . now she is graduating from high school .
son becomes a lawyer to win family ' s land back !
pko bp , a major polish bank , has partnered with a blockchain company called coinfirm to start using a blockchain based document management system
adolescent girl uses ' crazy strength ' to lift consuming car off father regular times
toronto miner unearths boulder that contains 9 , 000 ounces of gold in australia , worth about $15m
mom learns foster baby is her adopted son ' s sister , so she adopts her as well
bride asks grandmother to be ' fairy ' flower girl in her wedding: ' it made me so happy '
fearless centenarian sets third guinness world record by riding zip wire on his 106th birthday
group stages food fight to help gastroenterology research
waiter fired for facebook post saying ' cheap evacuee ' customers should ' die slow '
ahmadiyya muslim youth association launch a national campaign to raise one million pounds of food in an effort towards ending hunger in canada .
i learned today that surfer bethany hamilton who lost her arm during a shark attack hosts an annual retreat for women with limb differences .
heroic woman spends 35 minutes in barefoot chase to rescue strangers stolen dog she recognized from facebook
notre dame fire: university of notre dame in indiana donates $100 , 000 to repair the cathedral . there is no direct connection between the cathedral and the university .
minnesota muslims show solidarity with jewish community amidst increase in bomb threats
edinburgh restaurant to help homeless opens at weekend
man saves chipmunk from strangulation . ( video )
israelis have crowdfunded nearly a million shekels for syrian children in less than a week
a high stakes gambler bet two brothers , who weighed 305lbs and 135lbs , that they couldnt weigh within one pound of each other within a year . they were given odds of 50:1 on a $3 , 000 bet , and won the $150 , 000 yesterday , both weighing exactly 188 . 3lbs .
where old meets new: a virginia beach barber shop in a mercedes sprinter
a major police body cam company just banned facial recognition
the restaurant of order mistakes only employs waiters who have dementia
gas station clerk tracks down customer who lost lottery ticket worth 1 million
joy as chinese man reunited with family after 50 years
npr: ' spider man ' scales building to save dangling child; macron offers him citizenship
net neutrality house republican backs effort to restore net neutrality rules
family gives cpr to blue tongue lizard , saves it from drowning
african refugees reinvigorating rural mingoola , australia in social experiment to boost ageing community
chick fil a responds to orlando massacre with free food at a blood drive
dad of sandy hook victim wins suit against conspiracy theorists
kendrick lamar buys disabled fan wheelchair accessible van
country time lemonade starts legal ade team to help pay fines and permits for kids who want to run their own lemonade stands cnn
dutch town installs official silly walks crosswalk
stranger offers to buy a homeless man lunch , helps him find a job
on 25th may 2018 the gdrp will go into effect in the eu making it much harder for companies to share your personal data . eu citizens will receive much less cold calls and junk mail . offending companies can be fined up to 500 , 000 .
funeral director writes her own comical obit
officers on jet skis rescue dog thrown from i 110 bridge
compton community college receives accreditation
austin womans dog missing for two years found in nebraska
china lands spacecraft on the far side of the moon , a historic first
an engineer who helps children living in villages discover the world of theater
new york city embraces pillar of aoc ' s green new deal , passing building emissions bill
88 year old minnesota man finds hockey puck he lost as teen in woods
coastal uplift from the massive kaikoura earthquake may have saved the town from erosion
$90 , 000 raised for 90 year old ' paleta man ' who refuses to stop working
russell wilson buys mom house for mother ' s day , ' i ' m going to pee myself ! '
this man was moved to tears by apology from bully 20 years after leaving school
google ceo sundar pichai responds to seven year old girl ' s handwritten job application
have you seen this man ?
egypt girls launch cycling equality campaign
listen to a piece of music that hasn ' t been heard in 1 , 000 years !
for first time since 1800s , britain goes a day without burning coal for electricity
drones bring new hope for organ transplant patients
pilot lands plane on costa mesa freeway: ' i saw an opening on the highway and i went for it right away '
steelers fan takes homeless man to game as his guest
ohio dog shelter builds room that feels like an average american living room so dogs can experience being in a home environment
hospital workers help bedridden father celebrate halloween with his son .
so a bus driver stopped a bus i was on and asked if i could get out and give some money he handed me to a homeless man he spotted across the street . i thought i would reward him back for his act of kindness and the lesson he taught . two days later the whole thing made local and national news .
rapper big sean raises $100 , 000 for flint water crisis
humble french restaurant swamped after michelin mistake makes it a star | life and style | the guardian
new york public library is now lending out ties and other accessories for job interviews
eight year old kid bullied for love of bugs becomes possibly the youngest scientific author in history
brazil cuts deforestation emissions below 2020 targets
dog found alive , after being trapped in rubble from the italian earthquake for 9 days .
judge who sentanced stanford rapist brock turner to only 6 months in jail has been removed from office .
nearly 100 nuns at a nursing home near the skirball fire were evacuated . with nowhere to go , staff took them in
this photograph from new year ' s eve 2015 in manchester looks like a renaissance painting
rome police cook pasta for lonely , elderly , couple found crying at home
watch: arkansas firefighter rescues 4 year old girl after she fell out of a bus
2018 radiothon donations top $422 , 000 for hasbro childrens hospital
115m lottery winners to share prize with family and friends
serbia gets its first female a and gay a prime minister | world news
how do you move a bookstore ? with a human chain , book by book
india plans to immunize all its children and has committed to providing free vaccines against 10 life threatening diseases to 27 million children , through more than 9 million immunization sessions each year .
the billion tree project in pakistan is a success | cleantechnica
man donates $10 , 000 christmas shopping spree for st . albert club
entrepreneur buys unused obike and ofo bicycles to donate to poor children in myanmar
ups driver doesn ' t deliver package , writes: ' sorry we missed you bear in driveway '
group of ladies in queensland , australia have provided local cops with rescue quilts to be used to provide comfort to children and trauma victims
el salvador rape victim acquitted over stillbirth murder charge . resounding victory for rights of women .
120 pound , 5 year old dog carried down mountain by rescue team after suffering dehydration
a quadriplegic man gets to move his fingers again after a chip was implanted in his brain
on our way to cure blindness
angel nurse sings for dying patient
following the return of wolves to germany , brown bears now are expected to make a comeback in german forests . " considering the bear populations in northern italy and slovenia , for example , there is a high probability that brown bears will also return to germany at some point .
this is a great story: a widow ' s treasured bracelet disappeared at the beach . newlyweds brought it back
now people with no money have faster internet than all of us combined . . .
a nightclub is going to play toto ' s africa on a loop all night , to raise funds for an african charity
the ' rosa parks ' of saudi arabia bbc news
for six decades , the man with the golden arm donated blood and saved 2 . 4 million babies
republicans and democrats team up for net neutrality in washington state
orlando victims to get help from largest , fastest campaign in gofundme history
man with lung disease finishes marathon towing oxygen tan
nearly 900 children released from armed group in north east nigeria
single mum left her abusive husband and built a new house by watching youtube tutorials
pecos special education students honoring soldiers overseas
millennials are causing the u . s . divorce rate to plummet
medals for tokyos 2020 olympics will be made of recycled smartphones
new lights installed along floridas coastline to protect vulnerable baby sea turtles
embattled epa chief scott pruitt resigns amid ethics scandals
in pictures: 6 year old ugandan born with cataracts sees for the first time .
md cops bring lost elderly woman with dementia home by telling her they were simply on a walk
vancouver , bc bottle collector donates $15 , 000 to charity .
from scammer to saint . ( an unexpected story of connection )
teacher who compared student to a crackhead booted from school board
60 shelter animals rescued during california wildfire
final boy rescued from thailand cave
these singing farming sisters have taken the world by storm with viral hit
2 women receive kidneys from same donor
police dog receives ice cream after finding missing florida woman
boy ' s touching haircut request ' proof that hate and prejudice is something taught '
neighbour buys evicted tenant ' s house and gives her back the keys
drake tips two mcdonald ' s employees $10 , 000 each
a scientist from north korea heads to finland with massive amounts of serious data on internationally banned inhumane experiments
ex oilman makes it his mission to end homelessness in his community
government shutdown: syrian refugees falafel shop giving free meals to furloughed workers in tennessee
vaccinations in the worlds poorest countries will have prevented 20 million deaths and saved $350 billion by 2020 .
classmates explode with joy the moment teen learns he got into harvard
ginai seabron made history this past may by being the first black woman to graduate with a bachelor of science from virginia techs nanoscience program .
how a small town reclaimed its aged care home and turned a profit for 10 years
bill murray gave a random cubs fan a ticket to game 6 and let her sit next to him .
pa fisherman saves a bear cub from drowning .
toddlers hilariously fight over baby jesus during church nativity scene
boy who suffered up to 100 seizures a day has none in 300 days after being prescribed cannabis oil
cat reunited with owner after 200 mile trip in car engine
google ' s alphabet is part of a $700 million effort to cure disease without meds
ethiopia ' accepts peace deal ' to end eritrea border war
tennessee school counselor talks student with gun out of shooting
j . j . watt quietly donates $10 , 000 to family of firefighter killed in explosion
rescue puppies join bridal party for adorable photo shoot
woman reunited with friends baby boy after donating part of liver to him
sweet toothed thief breaks into car and steals exactly one piece of his favorite candy
aussie airlines are donating leftover food to the homeless .
community creates halloween do over after utah teen with special needs has negative trick or treat experience
this tree planting search engine saw a 1150% increase in downloads after the amazon rainforest fires , business insider
indian space research organization successfully launches a record 104 satellites in a single rocket .
woman wins right to use family sick leave to care for dog
german shepherd helps rescue children from burning home
from animal shelter to crime fighter , k9 officer gets second shot at life
police department accepts animal shelter donations in lieu of cash for parking tickets
back from the brink of extinction: how the gangetic dolphins made a comeback
police in friedberg , western germany , led goose family to safety this morning .
incomes hit new record high and poverty fell to pre recession low in 2017
conversation between strangers on lrt leads new edmontonian to 1st hockey game , free of charge
michigan teen wins $500 , 000 from lottery ticket and he ' s giving it away to his parents
sydney boy with cystic fibrosis becomes superhero to rescue a damsel in distress and save the city
cnn ' s anderson cooper , retired seal donate ballistic vests for norfolk police dogs
banfield pet hospital contributes $4 million through student loan program to help its veterinarians nation ' s largest general veterinary practice invests millions to alleviate student debt burden for its more than 3 , 600 veterinarians
volunteers start impromptu drum circles and pick up basketball at tampa storm shelters
uplifting music
charlottesville far right rally organiser is literally chased out of town
the back seat in the pictures , that ' s where we all went senior citizens have their say on valentines day
infant matches to donated liver after 40 minutes on organ wait list
single mom dressed as dad for her kindergartner ' s " dads &amp; doughnuts " school breakfast
a woman facing homelessness while caring for her mom wins a $390 , 000 jackpot
california restaurant offers free pizza to diners who lock away their phones
i didnt always know i wanted to be a teacher , said the fourth grade special education teacher at donovan . however , i have always loved working with students who had special needs . as a teenager , i volunteered at stepping stones , which is a camp for kids with special needs , and i loved it .
grandparents helped raise multiple generations in kaimuki home: in the blink of an eye , the generations have flown by since audrey and solomon niau met as teenagers 70 years ago in the same quaint kaimuki neighborhood they live in today .
forget comcast . heres the diy approach to internet access . " community ownership and isp competition does wonders for affordability .
devoted dad works night shift as janitor to put all 5 of his kids through college
man finds patagonian penguin on brazilian beach covered in oil 2011 and nurses the penguin back to health . now the penguin visits him every year for about 2 weeks so they can hang out , surf , and share a can of sardines
two marvel fans rent out an entire theater for a private screening of ' end game ' to help a cancer patient meet a marvel actor
a 6 year old was swept out to sea , and a group of brothers dove in after her
this man was almost swept away in a flood rushing waters grabbed hold of his vehicle and swept him away . he thought he was going to die .
pm modi has a special birthday wish for jonty rhodes ' daughter and
hot dog ! 13 year old keeps his stand open with help of minneapolis health department
coolie a step closer to kerala civil services dream , used railway wifi to prep
cbc news an underdog ' s triumph , furry hugs and cure for a hangover: the year in good news
new zealanders deploy helicopters and thermal imaging to search for lost dogs thousands of dollars , and hours , have been spent on searches for beloved canines at least three times in the past year
new mexico boy asks mother to pack extra lunch for student who had hardly any food , was eating alone
trudeau offers canadian softwood lumber to help rebuild notre dame cathedral
education may cut dementia risk , study finds
11 year old starts ' el paso challenge ' for the community to do 22 good deeds for each lives lost
australian state government to spend $109 million for homeless
what a legend , faces it with gusto and confidence
gay refugee couple separated in turkey now ' free and together ' in canada | cbc radio
shot and almost killed nine years ago , detroit man survives to graduate medical school this week .
firefighters rescue little boy ' s puppy stuck upside down in drain pipe
plainfield girl asks to be adopted at her own graduation party
jeopardy ! contestant who passed away wins fifth consecutive game
this nigerian man cannot stop giving: food , money , cars , shops , even houses
canada creates vast conservation zone in the arctic
key deer somehow survive hurricane irma
syrian refugee family gets new home in halifax , despite complications
westland cop buys broke father carseat instead of writing a ticket after a traffic stop .
dad writes letter to graduating class detailing all the kindness shown to his son by his peers
a high school student thought a change to school policy was a mistake , so she wrote an email to the schools superintendent thinking she ' d never hear back . but he heard her out and she got results .
james holzhauer wins 25th ' jeopardy ! ' game , starts donating prize money
retailers are finally realizing that starting black friday on thanksgiving is a terrible idea
dog the bounty hunter says wife beth is cancer free
finsbury park tube staff share defiant message after terror attack
esports community rallies behind disabled cs:go player after being bullied
therapy dogs bring comfort to sutherland springs
principal to give former student ultimate christmas gift: her kidney
a 25 year old man , justin smith , miraculously survived extreme hypothermia after he was found lying frozen in a snow drift last february in temperatures of 4 degrees fahrenheit ( 20 degrees celsius ) for 12 hours a first in medical science .
you never know what god is going to do: cashiers act of kindness brings a foster mother to tears
aspen , colorado swaps 4 july fireworks for drone light show to protect wildlife
high school shop class students build new houses for hundreds of stray dogs and feral cats
world ' s wild tiger count rising for first time in a century
google says it will run entirely on renewable energy in 2017
the first boys from a youth football team trapped in a thai cave for two weeks have been rescued , reports say
high school football players help police in 12 hour rescue of dogs out in bitter cold
solar power lights up the path to prosperity
ca fish market owner buys 70 pound octopus , sets it free [morro bay]
honest boston cab driver turns in $187 , 000 left in backseat
oklahoma trooper rescues 3 children from an overturned and partially submerged truck
tornado damages north texas high school , homes . with classes canceled , students take advantage of the day off by showing up to help clean up after the storm .
bride to be calls off wedding , invites homeless to her reception
star african american ballerina aesha ash is wandering around inner city rochester ny in a tutu , to show other little girls of color that " it ' s okay to embrace our softer side , and let the world know we ' re multidimensional .
in blow to obamacare ' s individual mandate , irs won ' t reject tax returns that don ' t answer health insurance question
stuttgart ( germany ) : missed primary pupil found in kindergarten sleeping ( german article )
military couple helps care for pets of deployed soldiers ( and you can too ! )
community saves treasured doughnut shop threatened with eviction
bayer shares down 38% after second jury rules roundup weed killer causes cancer
racer catches collapsing competitor , pushes him over the finish line
leonardo dicaprio wins his first oscar .
mumbai teen who saved 3 lives after dying gets 8 . 6 cgpa in cbse class x
this pakistani girl finally getting to marry her indian boyfriend is the love story of 2016
pope signals he ' s open to married catholic men becoming priests
flyaway parrot reunited with family after knocking on truck window and getting a lift home
walmart cashier steps in when nail salon refuses wheelchair bound woman
alex trebek says he ' s in ' near remission ' with his cancer
louisiana grocery store worker befriends teen with autism , kindly shows him how to stock shelves
good samaritans carry six year old edmonton boy in wheelchair home after snowfall
five penguins set up home on felixstowe beach
colorado is using $3 million from marijuana tax to provide food and housing for the homeless | urhealthinfo
manatees are no longer classified as ' endangered ' species
finally found fukushima fuel
mom , 3 kids rescued after minivan plunges down steep embankment
aoc pushes to make it easier to study shrooms and other psychedelic drugs
grieving indiana farmer gets help from fellow farmers , harvest over 100 acres in one day
moncton girl providing ' comfort kits ' for homeless now has support from school
mladic found guilty over bosnian genocide
this grain fights climate change and makes a tasty minnesota beer
publix employees rescue 3 year old girls stuffed bunny from landfill
two thieves arrested in karachi after their selfies get uploaded to victims google account
' tree man ' abul bajandar to get government funded surgery
free tuition for medical students
new york city bans foam containers , coffee cups and more in landmark legislation
adoption offers pour in for five us siblings who want to stay together
muslim groups raise thousands for pittsburgh synagogue shooting victims | thehill
hairdresser spends 2 days combing depressed teens matted hair to avoid having to cut it off
6 boys have emerged from the thai caves .
brotherly love: duo conquers ironman triathlons together despite brother ' s cerebral palsy
iraq ' s oldest christian town celebrates its first easter without isis oppression
a three year old girl who helped save her mothers life by calling emergency has been praised for her quick thinking
victims of crime to be given dogs to stroke to help keep them calm in police interviews
city of spokane begins annual drive to help homeless people
indian police rescue 6 , 000 turtles in ' largest ' haul ( x post /r/upliftingkhabre )
group donates 800 stuffed animals to fairbanks hospital
waffle house hero is raising money for attacks victims
harvard student submits rap album as senior thesis , graduates with honors
a toddler takes her first steps in the name of a french fry
bangalore ' s traffic cop stops president ' s convoy to make way for ambulance , wins hearts
denver just voted to decriminalize magic mushrooms
christopher reeves son will run first nyc marathon for late dad
kid creates bears for sick children .
update to the stolen puppy update: good samaritan buys puppy and returns him to owners .
93 year olds joyful workout session is the sweetest thing youll see all day
articles of impeachment introduced against president trump
nashville locksmith offering free pet &amp; child rescue services
puppy mill operator arrested and more than 700 dogs rescued
oklahoma woman offers to be a stand in mom at lgbtq weddings
a story you ' ll never read outside of israel where jews and arabs do get along .
muslim guests to lds church building given space to pray for evening prayers
this kolkata stray dog trained her way into bengal police ' s elite bomb sniffing squad
preliminary asn data show 2017 to be safest year in aviation history
65 people won at least $1 , 000 , 000 8 won at least $2 , 000 , 000 and 3 tickets won $500 , 000 , 000 !
laila anderson , home bound 11 year old with hlh , gets to see her favorite hockey team win the stanley cup
ordinarily , it takes coral reefs between 25 to 75 years to reach sexual maturity . this means that it can take up to 6 years just to plant 600 coral but vaughans process of breaking up corals for reproduction helps them to grow 40 times faster than they do in the wild .
couple donates wedding money to charity
' i don ' t think family is all tied with bloodlines; ' man takes in 89 year old navy vet
73 years of marriage
amidst the chaos and death in stockholm two days ago , swedes opened their homes for eachother with the hashtag " #openstockholm " , truly showing that the terror won ' t divide us , if anything , it will make us even more united
200 people throw a golden retriever party for a boy who has brain cancer
this year ' s nobel prize winner ' s research could transform cancer treatment
new york city will give all women in public schools , prisons and homeless shelters access to feminine hygiene products free of charge .
syrian refugees in germany capture terrorist
$165 million donation from 2 tech billionaires will permanently protect over 24 , 000 acres of california coastline
it was love at first sight for 2 pigs with rough pasts
the best timeline .
bride refuses to let blizzard stop wedding , takes subway to reception
indiana boy calls 911 for help with homework , dispatcher comes to the rescue
nepal woman recognized as hero for saving more than 12 , 000 girls from sex trafficking during her fight to end trafficking
town in italy switches to silent fireworks to reduce anxiety in animals
renewables generated a record 65 percent of germanys electricity last week
queer eye " fans raise nearly $100 , 000 to send woman disowned by family back to college
this video of a woman receiving a job offer is the most wholesome thing you ' ll see today
longmont colorado ' s habitat builds gratitude to go around: single dad and local habitat for humanity community celebrate 80th home dedication since 1988
britain is organising a great british spring clean giving new life to #trashtag
ethiopia army ' locates more than 100 children abducted from gambella '
chelsea manning freed from prison decades early
scientists make an environmentally friendly prototype water purifier constructed from a sheet of graphitic carbon nitride that could remove 99 . 9999% of microbes , and purified a 10l water sample in less than one hour using only sunlight .
first of its kind malaria vaccine for children introduced in africa
autistic boy gets huge birthday party after no one rsvps
biker gangs stand guard outside nz mosques during first friday prayer since massacre
reddit inspires man with rare disease to paint the only way he can , with his mouth
after oc police is not willing to investigate , radio personality offers 5k for justice
best adventure buddy
hey google , tell me something good .
meet douglas gardham , author who has spent 3 years and 115 , 000km for 125 book signings to promote self published book called " the actor " only to get a front page article in canada ' s " globe and mail " newspaper .
' weve been matching ever since ' : couple coordinates outfits for nearly 7 decades . kovr reports francis and rosemary klonts have matched their outfits everyday for the past 68 years !
san francisco ' s ' piano pound ' seeks homes for orphaned pianos it ' s petfinder for pianos .
key west takes first step in banning some sunscreens that experts say damage coral reefs
local girl scout helping the homeless
how 85 year old ruby stein and her cat survived five frigid days stranded in the colorado mountains
:d
immigrant mother , daughter graduate from same college , together
react world is dead
introducing daliyah , the 4 year old girl who has read more than 1 , 000 books
meet the dad who quit his job to run a minecraft server for autistic kids
residents and businesses have joined forces in a bid to wipe out all traces of an overnight racist graffiti attack
marital rape is no longer legal in minnesota with new law
freida pinto helps hundreds of hungry people with oscars leftovers
indias solar capacity expands by record 5 , 525 . 98 mw , doubling growth
homeless man row: us couple ordered to hand over johnny bobbitt money
india officially doubles its solar parks target to 40 gigawatts
dog recovering after being thrown out 3rd floor window
his mom sold drugs and he became a foster kid . then a teacher took him in . now he ' s graduating from his high school top of his class and getting a full ride to stanford .
the oatmeal paid $25000 and is trying to pressure the department of the interior to proceed with a plan to protect and reintroduce grizzly bears to the north cascades ( near seattle , washington ) .
nearly $50 , 000 in layaway paid off at a pennsylvania wal mart
london patient might be second to be cured of hiv
kendrick castillo , the teen who sacrificed his life to help stop the colorado school shooting , is honored by hundreds of jeeps
scientists have developed 3d printed corneas which could restore vision of millions of people
youtube just demonetized anti vax channels: after advertisers complained about programmatic ad placements on anti vax videos , youtube removed ads on videos that advocate against vaccination .
never too late to dream: 38 year old actress falgione scores with first mount as a jockey
toddler rescued after being trapped in swiss alps crevice for 12 hours
former patient donates $10 million to further blood cancer research at unc lineberger
gambian dishwasher at the worlds best restaurant ( 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2014 ) made partner and part owner ! ( article in danish )
you are more than your mistakes: teachers get at roots of bad behavior
doctors announce a second person has been effectively ' cured ' of hiv
former navy surgeon offers to provide free surgery to trans people in the military
mascot makes the crowds cheer though he can ' t hear them
u . s . actors , tv networks agree to end casting couch
former church missionary hops on a bus to help refugees . . . at the age of 91 !
8th grader starts movement to eliminate $18 , 000 of lunch debt for his school district
iceland ( population 330k ) played their first ever major international football tournament match this week and ' inflicted a 1 1 defeat on portugal ' . best twitter match commentary ever from the reykjavik grapevine .
what causes kidney stones and its treatment !
mainers create rescue pipeline for stray dogs from storm ravaged puerto rico
story of indian chef who quits his job to feed homeless people will today make you smile
woman receives life saving kidney donation after placing ad in toronto magazine
meet the kerala fisherman who has removed 3 . 5 tonnes of plastic from the sea
india crosses 10gw solar power milestone today
snow leopards no longer endangered but still in grave danger
niagara river ' s islands are teeming with life again
after much effort , springfield woman finally coaxes dog to come inside
new drug delivery system disguises chemotherapy drugs as fat , fooling quick growing and hungry tumor cells that consume the nutrients much faster than normal cells . the drug then activates , suppressing tumor growth . the drug also is lower in toxicity than current drugs , leading to fewer side effects
solar plus batteries is now cheaper than fossil power
platypus milk might save us from bacterial infections , and thats not even the best thing about them
special police service saved ducklings at ulmenstrae in oberhausen , germany . dailyminor
' breaking down stereotypes ' : mother daughter coffee van making more than just coffee
texas girl , 6 , with terminal cancer gets wish to be police chief
couple married 69 years dies minutes apart holding hands
san francisco becomes first major u . s . city to ban e cigarettes
moroccan widow turns her home into a shelter for cancer patients
stand up to cancer raises record $123m in pledges from u . s . , canada
dog accidentally runs half marathon after being let out for pee , finishes 7th
cancer survivor ' s dream comes true as she skates with star
texas officers hand out turkeys instead of traffic tickets
when kenyan lacrosse team is at disadvantage because of their shoes , israeli squad buys them all new cleats
a 9 year old boy got his colorado town to repeal its ban on snowball fights
wwii veteran gets thousands of cards after asking for just 100 of them for his 100th birthday
amazing rescue of a red tailed hawk that was hit by 70 mph truck
girls make games " , an organization that helps promote young women working in the video game development field , got to host the first ever workshop in the white house .
when gunman advanced on new zealand mosque , this man ran at him: abdul aziz , 48 , is being hailed as a hero for preventing more deaths
suspending officers without pay ontario strengthening police suspension , rules among other things
a team of researchers from yale university have some pretty good news for humanity: most people are inherently good and kind hearted , and its the mean girls and guys who deviate from the norm .
harvey weinstein apparently is afraid of a good old fashioned missouri whipping .
man saves turtles from the food market
the clowns bringing laughter to refugee camps: " happiness matters like food
girl raises money for local animal shelter instead of receiving birthday presents . $2 , 000/$10 , 000 already raised !
uber launches vehicles that are wheelchair accessible in london !
illinois police officer drives man to job interview after pulling him over , man lands the role
scottsburg teacher leaves personalized notes of encouragement on students ' desks before tests
the ' cool ' dog helping kids with vitiligo
how utah keeps the american dream alive
waitress pitches in to help with fussy toddler so mother can eat in peace
pilot looking for overdue kayaker finds stranded family instead
ducks mother and her 8 children saved from police and a citizen
lonely pensioner flies 1 , 600km to join new ' fishing mate '
catholic songwriter composes a song for pride month .
boy battling rare cancer becomes officer for a day
hi tech vest allows deaf people to " hear " again through vibrations on their back .
viola davis will inspire you with her moving words on finding confidence at 51
son of storefront founder don black leaves white supremacy movement
a housing company is building tiny houses for flood victims !
stinky justice . . . caught on camera: st . george package thief steals box of poop
man ' s dying wish fulfilled with call from president trump
denmark: isis fighters warmly welcomed home by the psychiatrists
woman never gave up searching for her lost cat and finally found it on a shelter website after 2 years
how princess diana changed attitudes to aids
police officer lies on the floor to comfort boy having a ' bad day '
extremely relatable bear with bucket stuck on head just really loved cheese balls: the department of environmental conservation found and then rescued an upstate bear with a plastic bucket stuck on his head this week , ending a search for the elusive black bear
today pip became a volunteer at our local nursing home ! he is on the activities schedule twice a week for the indefinite future !
man keeps lottery win a secret from wife , springs surprise
chick fil a employee helps change 96 year old wwii veterans tire .
dave grohl delivers food to first responders fighting california wildfires .
alex jones losing followers after social media ban , according to new york times analysis
six year old with rare disorder celebrates a first birthday party fit for a princess
16 year old spends free time helping veterans
amc to open saudi arabias first movie theater in 35 years
touching video shows moment dying woman learns shell have a granddaughter
google cardboard saves baby ' s life
after historic tax cuts , these companies are giving bonuses to workers
the number of youth in juvenile detention in california has quietly plummeted voice of san diego
54 year old custodian just graduated from the college he cleaned at night
teen births have plummeted 51 percent over the past decade
un report says indias fertility rate has halved since 1980 , hails achievement
found this shoe today while hiking in the rockies on the side of the trail [oc]
girl with autism uses violin to overcome anxieties
i know a lot of them struggle because a lot of them don ' t have men at home , so i just want them to grow up and think of the things that i teach them , " said nelson . fifth graders are learning how to shake hands , make eye contact , open doors , and address their elders .
university of montana launches first campus electric bus in us
former homeless israeli woman featured as ' cnn hero ' for dedicating life to helping at risk teens
elderly man ' devastated ' by dog ' s death to receive 100s of sympathy cards
india police search for parents of girl ' living with monkeys '
muslim groups raise $500 , 000 for the victims of the portland attacks
goslings hatch on universal studios roof and are saved by employees who lead mother across the backlot to the lake .
13 trucks park underneath freeway overpass to prevent a man from committing suicide
students from refugee families feed needy and homeless
robots attend school in place of sick kids
boys story about ailing mother inspires jewelers generosity
new research unveils an 80% reduction in atmospheric carbon monoxide as a result of car emissions policies
toddler kian musgrove receives anonymous 40 , 000 donation to help his desperate fight for life ( more info at twitter . com/caringforkian )
red wings ' henrik zetterberg spills a fan ' s beer , pays him back
b . c . homeless man steve borik wins lotto , but can ' t claim prize because he lacks id; cbc helped borik sift through paperwork required for him to get a new birth certificate so he can claim his lottery prize .
french park trains crows to pick up litter
legos first ever figurine in a wheelchair is prompting genuine tears of joy
taylor swift donates $250 , 000 to kesha after court ruling
tiny babies celebrate their first halloween , complete with costumes
father riding late daughter ' s tiny bike 200 miles for charity
6 months after a 5p charge per plastic bag , plastic bag use plummets in england . 7 . 5 billion to 1 billion per year estimation .
9 year old stops woman taking newborn brother from hospital
did russia and the usa manage to agree on syria ?
triplets make medical history , thrive after surgery for rare birth defect
logan clean up quicker than expected thanks to mud army of volunteers
an art student who made a solid gold necklace for lil wayne has said the sale helped pay for her course fees
china introduces progressive sex ed curriculum , includes pro lgbtq+ comments and gender equality . [x post: /r/worldnews]
americans gas guzzling habit will peak in 2018
104 year old woman and her sisters , 102 and 100 , honored at their high school ' s graduation
indian firm makes carbon capture breakthrough | carbonclean is turning planet heating emissions into profit by converting co2 into baking powder and could lock up 60 , 000 tonnes of co2 a year
canada becomes nasas first international partner for lunar space station
northwestern univeristy eliminates loans for all incoming students
donald trump prays with martin luther king ' s son: president elect makes peace move with mlk iii who issues call to ' bring america together ' after trump ' s spat with civil rights icon john lewis
in a world first , a new zealand river will be recognised as a person .
hamilton man called a hero for act of kindness to special needs man | globalnews . ca
kalamazoo trader joes donates 35 , 000 pounds of food after refrigerator malfunction
las vegas rescue dog becomes ice skating natural
atheist katelyn campbell spoke out against an abstinence speaker in her high school . her princpal threatened her college education for being " a backstabber " . she ended up at wellesley college who applauded her activism . katelyn has just been named a 2016 truman scholar . ( x post r/atheism )
this photographer wants special needs kids to feel beautiful
man gets his racist tattoos removed after becoming a dad
raid recovers 132 missing children found in michigan ( not sure where to post this )
neighbors give tulsa toddler halloween do over after hospital stay
a man builds a food pantry on his lawn so the hungry can eat .
australian lottery winner says says he ' ll give winnings to drought stricken farmers
nobel peace prize for anti rape activists
100 u . s . cities are committed to 100% clean , renewable energy
county sheriff deputy serves and protects by mowing elderly woman ' s yard
good samaritan rescues woman caught on new jersey train tracks
burly , bearded newfoundland men dress as mermaids for good cause
primary school students use an umbrella to rescue a kitten on a canopy
februarys full snow moon will be the largest supermoon of 2019
dear buckeye nation
in first , u . s . judge throws out cell phone ' stingray ' evidence
marine who stole truck to save vegas shooting victims got a message off the owner
this texas man ' s murder conviction was overturned 20 years later . his case spurred the state to pass a major criminal justice overhaul .
how a lion , tiger and bear became ride or die friends
woman offers her yard to a homeless couple with a baby on the way
college student receives car from ceo after walking 20 miles to work
restaurant owner fed emergency workers for free during westminster attack
79 year old woman narrowly avoids jail for feeding stray cats
promising new malaria vaccine progresses to next trial
this 70 year old grandma cleaned up 52 beaches in 2018 to help our planet
wolf hit by a car is left to die . he is spotted and taken to the vets , makes a full recovery and released into the wild after 4 months recuperation .
israelis raise $100k in two days to aid syrian kids
mark zuckerberg drops hawaiian land lawsuits after outcry
mexican doctors successfully transplant entire arm
only in canada doctors and physicians are protesting , demanding lower salaries
19 year old world cup winner kylian mbappe is donating his full earnings from the world cup to charity
baltimore student accepted to all 8 ivy league schools
man decides to incubate 12 quail eggs bought at the supermarket . a chick , albert , hatches one month later .
church of england bishop declares he is in a gay relationship | the independent
once enslaved by isis , nadia murad is co recipient of nobel peace prize
the first mdma clinics in the united states will open in 2019 to treat veterans with treatment resistant ptsd
iroquois high school students helping the homeless
san mateo high school students create positive interviews and news podcast
woman in sweden donates food to people that have been stuck in traffic for hours after heavy snowfall hit stockholm
grandmother ( 68 ) conquers fear of heights with tandem skydive from 10 , 000 feet
the american economy keeps booming: private sector employment increased by 250 , 000 jobs in december
' there ' s no better symbol of integration than the exchange of blood: ' polish residents launch bloody foreigners campaign
canadian cop joins man on swing set as he assists during mans ' distress episode
after almost a year of fundraising , people have raised enough money to make little boy ' s wish to see disney before he goes blind come true .
service dog gets his own yearbook headshot
young man brings his 5 year old brother , who suffers from williams syndrome and dreams of being a pilot , on his first flight .
96 year old secretary amasses huge fortune , then gives $8 million away
amazing list of ' good things ' that happened in 2016
venezuela will use its shady cryptocurrency to house the homeless
watch the fun reactions over couples decision to adopt 4 orphan siblings
my dad oversaw sound for the super bowl . so the audio at his funeral needed to be epic .
colorado uses community solar to save low income customers $500 a year
mlb pitcher cole hamels donated his enormous $9 . 75 million mansion to a charity benefiting children with special needs
he left his mom in africa for high school in america . four years later , his class paid to bring her to graduation .
trump twitter account shut down by employee on last day of work
new app , unity one global , to solve worldwide global issues
hays high student saves child from drowning
a teen with down syndrome and his longtime friend were voted homecoming royalty . he wore his crown until he went to bed .
coca cola supports deposit return system to help encourage recycling plastic
human lifespan could soon pass 100 years thanks to tech , says bofa
american airlines welcomes 17 year old girl with down syndrome and terminal illness as flight attendant cbs news
dog found in newport beach recovering after surgery to remove 46 pound tumor
spd officer replaces boy ' s stolen game console
from my hometown; hs cheerleaders specially invite a student with learning disabilities to prom
once nearly dead as the dodo , california condor comeback reaches 1 , 000 chicks
world war ii veteran will reunite with his girlfriend after 70 years
this traveler is determined to spread positivity across america
us nurse on migrant rescue ship reunited with darfur boy she saved
researchers dropped 17 , 000 wallets: people were more likely to return a wallet when it contained a higher amount of money .
dr heimlich performs heimlich manoeuvre for first time , aged 96
craigslist founder donates $1 million to fund stem projects on donors choose
mystery donor gives $130 , 000 to 4 year old with cancer for treatment in the us
dog park opens for residents of skid row homeless center
2 cats retrieved alive from the ruins , 2 weeks after the italian earthquake disaster
kayakers rescue drowning sheep from the river thames
south sudan vows to end use of children in armed conflict
the nigerian imam who saved christians from muslim gunmen .
san antonio lawmaker vows to expand texas marijuana law in 2017 | texas public radio
two meter long meth addicted python sent to prison rehab in australia . narcotics cops discovered him living in a meth lab during a raid and rescued the poor guy , who was nursed back to health and sobriety by prison inmates and guards over seven months .
firefighters finish hanging christmas lights for family after dad falls off ladder
washington church welcomes muslims for friday prayers next tuesday marks the end of ramadan , the muslim holy month . at a time when religions are so often in conflict with each other , a house of worship in washington d . c . stands out as a place of unity
i wasnt crazy . a homeless womans long war to prove the feds owe her $100 , 000 .
worcester ma replaces all streetlights with leds saving money and helping the environment
christmas dinner arrives at the international space station
north and south korea have agreed to remove guns and guard posts from panmunjom , the " truce town " that straddles their border .
h . i . v . is reported cured in a second patient , a milestone in the global aids epidemic
rockefeller family charity to withdraw all investments in fossil fuel companies
sex trafficking victim ' s desperate call to mother saves her life , lands three in jail , police say
todd hall students built buddy bench: a bench where lonely students can wait for someone new to play with
neighbor calls police on black kids playing football and buffalo cops show up and join their game
wolverhampton goodyear workers donate 1m to hospice bbc news
kenya is aiming to be powered entirely by green energy by 2020
police help single mom with troubled son
three month old baby hears for the first time
assyrian girl who fled isis in iraq selected to appear on ' the voice kids '
local police donate &amp; build playhouse for child with degenerative disease
python saved from ticks
can you help me ? : terminally ill 5 year old tennessee boy asks for final christmas wish
mcdonalds to stop use of plastic straws in the uk .
singing train announcer lights up richmond station
pope sends flood relief to iran .
lady gaga is championing an australian teen mental health program in the us
philip morris wants to quit its tobacco habit
seaworld ceo: we ' re ending our orca breeding program . here ' s why .
tasneem ' s new hand a bomb took this syrian refugee ' s hand when she was 10 years old but an orthodontist helped model a custom made new hand for her
airline buys 2 , 000 copies of stephen holmess self published bedtime story , that was originally written for his young daughters
weed growing in nw ohio city now bringing christmas joy to those less fortunate
us co workers who always helped others win half a billion dollars in lottery jackpot
nearly 44 indians come out of extreme poverty every minute: study
ex nfl running back gives away 145 homes to single parent families .
taiwan becomes first in asia to legalize same sex marriage
massive boost in numbers for new zealand ' s critically endangered kakapo , a flightless parrot
how this son of migrant farm workers became an astronaut
ice came to take their neighbor . they said no .
deputy rescues a dozen ducklings while anxious mama duck looks on
bangladeshi surfer girls go against the cultural tide
a puppy that was to be put down because its owners could not afford life saving surgery has been saved by a student veterinary nurse who stepped in at the last moment . fay alsworth raised 3 , 000 in six days to pay for nelly to have a specialist operation in somerset .
strangers who shared thanksgiving meal after accidental text plan to stay friends
young hero fights of 3 armed molestors saving a women from rape
army ranger helps grandpa get ' welcome home ' veterans deserve
a woman warned a cold could have killed her was saved by a transplant when she had hours to live
no tornadoes have been reported in oklahoma in 2018 , nearing a record wait
this chick fil a opened on a sunday for a special needs customer ' s 14th birthday
lawyer leslie pereira helps patients who are abandoned in the city ' s hospitals by their families .
nasa helps indian teen launch worlds lightest satellite
dog ' s life: ecuador retires 61 police dogs with honors
public pays medical bill for hero dog injured defending toddler from snake
disabled vets could see their student loan debts automatically erased
teens ' may still be alive ' in thai cave
bob iger: " very difficult " for disney to work in georgia if new abortion law enacted
for first time in history , half of all people with hiv are getting treat
the ocean cleanup is starting , aims to cut garbage patch by 90% by 2040
alabama woman finds message from 1982 in diet sunkist bottle
best friends with down syndrome make epic zombie movie
three elephant poachers shot dead by wildlife rangers in kenya
on twitter , i ' ve pet that dog account highlights wholesome , furry friends
taylor swift sends flowers to injured police officer after vegas shooting
7 year old girl scout helps save veteran ' s life
updating a story from last week , the five year old fighting cancer received nearly 12 , 000 valentine ' s cards .
head of military academy shuns racism in powerful message to cadets
47years
father who quietly maintained a memorial to his son for 12 years gets permanent tribute from property owner
president of iceland gives schoolboys a lift home from the swimmingpool
how princes social activist networks are keeping his vision alive prince ran an organization called #yeswecode that offers tech education to urban american youth . his project lives on; changing lives , in addition to several other outreach programmes he founded .
baby girl born on same day as mom , grandma
beer to benefit brewer ' s wife battling cancer
gas station opens all night for mother with 4 kids stranded in the cold
california highway patrol officer tickets driver for going too slow in fast lane .
asiatic lions now confined to one place on earth . and they ' re having a ball !
a filipino scientist made bioplastic out of mango and seaweed . denxybel montinola even made sure the sustainable plastic alternative was water soluble .
yok on national park ends elephant riding
jolly rogers fishing club on a mission to clean up queensland ' s waterways
mini pot bellied pigs love on alzheimer ' s patients
waterloo ontario to turn dog poop into energy and fertiliser in pilot project .
the worlds first ocean cleaning system is to be deployed this year
rare: 26 year old model challenges how we think about beauty
girl , 5 , shot in christchurch mosque attack awakens from coma unable to see
paris the dog reunited with her owner after disappearing 6 months ago [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
71 years later , wwii vet reunites with wartime girlfriend in australia: ' this is the most wonderful thing '
actor danny trejo comes to aid of baby that was trapped in overturned car
11 reasons why 2015 was a great year for humanity future crunch
dog stuck on 400 foot cliff rescued by cop using ropes
see the whirlpool galaxy through the eyes of the nasas great observatories
little pantry at mars hill free methodist church open to those in need 24/7
a grand jury investigating allegations that a planned parenthood clinic in houston illegally sold fetal tissue has cleared the organization of wrongdoing .
nick chubb donates to fund supporting homeless children
bystander helps save woman from burning car .
there are places where coral is actually thriving !
its my job to save them hero driver pulls children from burning bus
terminally ill teen throws party before entering hospice
tesla plants seed of solar power in low income neighborhoods with donation of 569kw of solar panels
engineer designs device so that a terminally ill man can carry on his photography
how a mama bear saved a woman and her dog from the wolf stalking them
secret santa pays off $46k in layaway at pa walmart
for the first time in history , miss usa , miss teen usa and miss america are all black women
mexico doubles minimum wage in northern border zones
celebrity cop has a partner in belleville a kindergartener
dramatic improvement in oslo air quality as diesel cars are being replaced with ev ' s en masse
ai bar system ignores jerks who cut in line for drinks | imagine the same applied in every kind of queue system
97 year old wwii veteran proud to still be working at new jersey grocery store
round 3 they tell us her tummy needs to be irreparably sliced open , then her heart stops for 4 minutes , next were told she needs heart surgery and is facing a 45 minute ambulance ride most likely unsurvivable . here addison leigh lawlor is finishing chemo round four 2 days ago !
she went from homeless to an award winning waitress
turkey donates books , furniture to kenyan school
nearly 400 cancer medicine prices slashed by up to 87%
much of the deepwater horizon oil spill has disappeared because of bacteria
your cake is on reddit ! : how one small town baker ' s creations went viral
hero groom interrupts his wedding photos to rescue drowning teenager
the township entrepreneur who built his spinach empire with less than $3
meet the cow who ran away from the farm to join a herd of bison
pregnant woman climbs on roof , gives cpr to man shocked by power line
woman bares alopecia ( condition which causes hair loss ) in engagement photos
a parliamentary bill to bring in one of the worlds toughest bans on ivory sales to protect elephants is being published . ' elephants are one of the world ' s most iconic animals and we must do all we can to protect them for future generations . '
a proposal to extend statutory paternity leave in hong kong from three days to five was formally put forward by the government on friday , two days ahead of fathers day . legislators on manpower panel describe amendment as conservative and lagging behind international standards .
2 , 000 veterans just arrived at standing rock to form human shield around protesters counter current news
letting a homeless person sleep on my couch
bringing together young and old to ease the isolation of rural life . a group in minnesota is tackling the problem of social isolation and loneliness in a novel way:they ' re trying to reconnect a fragmented social fabric by bringing together generations to support each other children and the elderly .
no charges for good guy with a gun attempting to help neighbors
australian state of victoria to permanently ban fracking and coal seam gas exploration .
23 year old olivia ambrose found alive after going missing in boston , twin sister says
formerly paralyzed man finishes toronto marathon
homeless people with terminal illnesses could be offered automatic right to housing: former minister sir ed davey wants to change the law to stop people with cancer or long term illnesses dying on doorsteps .
operation hope helping addicts , but treatment depends on the charity of out of state programs scarborough police have connected 109 addicts with treatment since oct . 1 , often by finding beds in states as far away as california
montpellier , france sends misspelled soccer jerseys to montpelier , vermont
new gun bill around assault rifles and military style assault rifles passes third reading , will become law in new zealand .
rapper buys good samaritan a new car after the man saved him from a car wreck
nhl player patrik laine invited to 8 year olds hockey themed birthday party , actually shows up !
bleacher reports documentary series , real , connects professional athletes with real word heroes .
this mother of two needed help during a flight so 3 random strangers stepped up to help her
a 12yo girl who was abducted and beaten by men trying to force her into marriage was found being guarded by three lions who apparently had chased off her captors
architects singer sam carter calls out man ' who grabbed fan ' s breast while she was crowdsurfing '
how honey bees became a source of empowerment for women in rural india ( x post r/upliftingkhabre )
pope francis kisses feet of rival south sudan leaders
a boy and his service dog: yearbook besties
mother of organ donor hears daughters heartbeat one last time .
102 year old survivor reunites with newly discovered nephew
obama asks for $1 . 1 billion to fight opioid and heroin abuse
nypd rescue tiny kitten from queens sewer drain
toyota introduces robotic leg brace to help paralyzed people walk
she started college as a single mother at age 18 . now she has a diploma .
woman realizes elderly dog she adopted was same dog she had as a child
carbon county tree farm donates trees for troops
key greenland glacier growing again after shrinking for years , nasa study shows
sacred cycle helps sex abuse survivors go from surviving to thriving
postal worker marks 100th gallon of donated blood: hes saved over 1 , 500 lives
film director rohit shetty adopts 10 kids suffering from cancer , to sponsor their treatment
the obama administration just shut down dapl
motiva enterprises donates $3m to local harvey recovery
why the yankees send flowers for every police officer killed in the line of duty
these real life fairy godmothers are making prom dresses for girls who cant afford them
last month 4 good samaritans helped a driver showing signs of a seizure while driving on 75 highway .
dressed in her star wars best , this 4 year old stormtrooper rang the ' cancer bell '
marlin jenkins was once a homeless teenager . now he ' s trying to help bring internet access to the 40% of households in the bronx that don ' t have it
former olympic gold medalist raises almost $3 million for cancer research by swimming 100 miles in open water [translation in comments]
teacher " elf on the shelf " helps spread holiday cheer at albertan school
new york synagogue opens doors to mosque for friday prayers after fire
about time
new mexico is officially drought free
soldierstrong donates state of the art exoskeleton to the veterans affairs phoenix health care system
wind is outpacing coal as a power source in texas for the first time
volunteer puffin patrol in newfoundland rescues wayward babies and returns them to the ocean
world ' s most endangered cat grows to over 400 individuals
great texas balloon race takes to the skies
13 states ( 5 of which have no sales tax ) no longer tax feminine hygiene products and 15 more are debating doing away with their tampon tax
361 golden retrievers met up in scotland
a new york city police precinct " adopted " an elderly ww2 veteran after he was burglarized , bringing him food and keeping him company for years . when he died of natural causes they helped arrange his funeral with a police honor guard . " we will always be his family
missing british climber found alive by drone in himalayas
19% decrease in cultivation of opium in afghanistan
mexicans are stealing border wall materials , using to fortify homes
republic of ireland abandoning religion faster than almost every other country in the world
brunei does not enforce death penalty as a punishment for gay sex or adultery
metallica founder james hetfield donates over 1 , 000 acres of open space to the marin agricultural land trust to create an agricultural conservation easement
man with stage 4 cancer wins lottery , plans to take wife on dream trip .
stream , smoult and eddie: trio of orphaned otters return to the wild
u . s . unemployment rate falls to 3 . 9 percent lowest since 2000
' extinct ' formosan clouded leopard re discovered in taiwan
rams wr brandin cooks arranged for team custodian , son to attend super bowl
an older couple ' s home had become unlivable . so a community came together to build them a new one .
danish hospital staff break rules to grant dying man ' s wish: some wine and a cigarette
bear rescue: we just saved nepals last two dancing bears
all 955 miners trapped in s . african mine rescued
ive never seen anybody like me: childhood burn survivors embrace their scars at summer camp
surfer saved after 16 hours adrift in pacific
luxembourg to become first country to make all public transport free
this man donated 200 , 000 miles to strangers so they can go home for the holidays
scientists grow heart cells that begin beating in spinach leaves .
man finds puppy nearly dead , rushes to bring pup back to life
woman , 88 , waved to students from her window for years . they gathered outside her home for one final goodbye
jim mantyla led a humble life as the owner/ceo of glenwood beer for nearly 20 years . he died suddenly of a heart attack , but mantyla is leaving more than a successful company behind . a charitable foundation is giving hundreds of thousands of dollars to the places that impacted his life .
police identify missing husky by seeing if it will sing along to its favorite tune
after jogger tosses homeless mans belongings , oakland residents reach out and a new video emerges
power prices go negative in germany , a positive for energy users
singapore abolishes school exam rankings , says learning is not competition .
humans wearing ' teledildonic suits ' can now have sex with each other over the internet
delight is a cricket pitch in beiruts shatila refugee camp
shaq and florida officer surprise kids with a basketball match
bombs , shrapnel , and books: syriaas secret library
a 70 year old grandma cleaned 52 beaches in 2018 to help our planet
1 . 5 million volunteers plant 66 million trees in 12 hours , breaking guinness world record
israel to ally with arab neighbors around red sea in bid to save world ' s corals
10 year old in china spent 2 years collecting 160 , 000 plastic bottles , raising $2 , 700 . he donated this money and his own savings of $30 to orphans of aids victims
farmer who couldn ' t slaughter his cows is turning his farm vegan
fearless 85 year old who ' s spending her retirement skydiving , swimming with sharks and even wing walking .
service dog dials 911 during fire; saves blind owner by pulling her from house
indiana car dealer gives domestic violence survivor big gift after hearing her story
new form of one time reversible male birth control hits 100% effectiveness rate in clinical trial
the ebola vaccine is highly effective in eastern congo
meet jeanne d ' arc girubuntu , rwanda ' s first female pro cyclist ( she also has one of the coolest names ever )
for everyone who takes our survey about facebook , we will donate 25c to saigon children a charity that helps disadvantaged kids stay in school
south carolina residents take in needy animals ahead of hurricane florence abc news
georgia teacher donates kidney to 12 year old student
window cleaners dressed as ninja turtles cheer childrens hospital
british backpacker in australia rescued after texting location to father
nashville musician david francisco befriends the driver who left him paralyzed
watch these kids with cancer transform into real life superheroes
teachers donate 100 sick days to colleague with cancer
this cat just loves when her person gives her kisses on the head and the sound she makes is absolutely adorable !
dog with cleft lip lingered in shelter , gets new life as therapy pet
accident victim surprised with gift of car
local businessman donates 75 christmas trees for families in need
man helps kidnapped girl and gives her his $7 , 000 reward
non coding dna changes the gender you are born with .
firefighters save dog from the current forest fires devastating mainland portugal
' and you did it with your clothes on ' : bills streaker rescues stranded cat
a river famous for being so polluted it caught on fire is now full of wildlife and clean water
( old but never posted ) borough in nyc gets first " all green " school covered in solar panels .
irish teen wins 2019 google science fair for removing microplastics from water using oil and magnetite powder to create a ferrofluid in the water containing microplastics . after the microplastics is bound to the ferrofluid , a magnet is used to remove the solution and leave only water .
tortoise rescued from englewood pool by charlotte county sheriff ' s office
childhood saved ! toys are coming back to kelloggs cereals
former klansman finds forgiveness and a friend in a black church
nevada raises minimum wage to 12 per hour
spinal muscular atrophy used to be a lethal condition . now in a gene therapy trial , 100% of the kids receiving the highest dose can talk and feed themselves . some , like evelyn , can even do push ups !
illinois poised to enact historic recreational marijuana bill that could clear convictions for 770 , 000
battery that could revolutionise renewables on trial in scotland
wow
baby alligator , stuck in fence , gets rescued by cop ' friends '
colorado caps insulin co pays at $100 for insured residents
with no next of kin , a community gives a world war ii vet a fitting funeral
woman born without vagina gets one made from tilapia fish ski
9 year old boy raises money for park trees
pakistans supreme court exonerated a man convicted of blasphemy after he served nine years of a life sentence in prison . a two judge panel of the court ruled on friday that mohammad mansha was falsely accused , citing lack of evidence .
prince of hearts: william breaks royal protocol and hugs victim of deadly london fire
giant therapy dog to retire to sandpoint
nyc hit ' fearless girl ' statue to remain through february
iran ' s flag bearer at the opening ceremony was an athlete who became an archer after she was paralyzed in a car accident [x post /r/iran]
strong and happy dogs deliver christmas trees by sled at this farm
solar , wind and nuclear power each provide more electricity than gas and coal combined for first time in the united kingdom
college student uses ' extreme couponing ' on behalf of homeless shelters , gets more than $100 , 000 of goods
teenagers saved an eight year old boy hanging from ski lift
this baltimore public school has replaced detention with yoga sessions
daddy yankee helps feed 9 , 000 families in puerto rico during his trip there
the invention that helped me write again bbc news
100 year old woman saved from homelessness by tony robbins
a dog called odin survives california wildfires after refusing to abandon his goats
homeless teen named valedictorian , earns $3 million in scholarships
' egg boy ' will connolly donates $100 , 000 to help mosque attack survivors
formerly overweight boy loses 115 pounds trekking to school everyday , see what he looks like now
world ' s oldest library reopens in fez: ' you can hurt us , but you can ' t hurt the books '
billionaire founder of the corona beer brewery makes everyone in the spanish village where he grew up a millionaire in his will
jessie graff makes history , continues to dominate american ninja warrior
it wasn ' t abandoned: how one urbex photographer found a friend
cards against humanity bought out chinese factory ' s capacity for a week , to give workers a paid vacation .
over 2 , 000 cards delivered to olivia enderle for her birthday .
in historic announcement , the world health organization ( who ) proposes removing cannabis from most dangerous drug category
after father ' s death , daughters save family farm
this is sad , yet uplifting couple married for more than 60 years die within hours of one another
til pubic lice are now an endangered species .
nasas hubble captures stunning image of new dwarf galaxy in our cosmic backyard
89 year old serves as flower girl in granddaughter ' s wedding
milton second grader helping the homeless stay warm with yearly sock drive
man devotes life to saving dogs after a chance encounter at garbage dump
adult website buys alexis arquette sex tape a day after she passes away , promptly destroys it to prevent it ' smearing her memory '
border collie saved after stuck in golf drain
21 year old pennsylvania special needs student with 37 dates crowned prom king
veteran actor in india fulfills his promise , pays off loan of 2 , 100 farmers of a state
two connecticut police officers buy birthday cake for girl after her " emotionally distraught " mother couldn ' t afford to buy one herself .
nanny donates portion of liver to save 16 month old ' s life
church group recycles 10 , 000 plastic bags into sleeping mats for homeless
how baltimore is saving urban forests and its city
american law institute rejects affirmative consent standard
man marries woman 20 years after promising he would in preschool
incoming flying taxis with electric motor thanks to uber and nasa
florida teenager rescues 71 year old man from pond after accident
after terrifying children for years , chuck e . cheese ' s animatronic band taking final bow
the biggest solar parks in the world are now being built in india
in a gesture of solidarity following the gruesome killing of a french priest , muslims on sunday attended catholic mass in churches and cathedrals across france and beyond .
brock finally got a girlfriend
the end of plastic cutlery , plates and straws: eu market says goodbye to single use plastic products
new drug appears to eliminate type 2 diabetes for first time
( als ) fishers women living a mile apart learn they are related
mods are asleep . post news articles about sumo wrestlers uplifting opponents and winning matches .
duck helps mend george the dog ' s broken heart
lady performs wing surgery on butterflies to save their lives
muslims raise money to fix vandalised jewish cemetery
residents ( 450 ) of a dutch village buys a house for a family of syrian refugees so they can live there . just because they wanted to help !
man takes girlfriend on a tough twisty 15 mile bicycling path that spelled out marry me when she checked her gps map at the end of their ride
an incredible unlikely friendship .
pet project: musician creates a playlist for shelter animals
logging curbed 94% in monarch forests
is there anything that he can ' t do ?
mesh drains in australia preventing water bodies pollution retained 815 pounds of garbage for recycling in the first 6 months of use .
1 , 600 hectare ranch to be conserved along castle river , alberta
australia votes ' yes ' to same sex marriage
first child to receive double hand transplant , 8 , throws out first pitch at baseball game .
woman ends abusive relationship , finds peace in powerlifting
bomb school wasnt for lulu , but the c . i . a . wishes her the best
girl spends months collecting gifts for homeless
blood donor who saved 2 . 4m babies in australia retires aged 81
down syndrome couple gets their happily ever after
nurses move ailing couple into same room for final days
sean parker donates $250 million to fund cancer immune therapy
redditor allowed to stay anonymous , court rules
happyoffice . io people analytics for employee happiness
boy with no shoes gifts stray dog a sweater to keep him warm
woman risks touching mangy cat to show him he ' s loved .
u . s . marines say " gilmore girls " offered " escapism " from times of war
27 year old victim of las vegas shooting wakes up from coma , fundraiser held .
a 100 year old woman is marrying her 74 year old partner after 30 years together . asked why they waited so long to tie the knot , norah witkniss said: " i didn ' t wait , life went too quick !
obgyn delivers patient ' s baby just before giving birth to her own
bee harming pesticides are declining at plant nurseries , report shows
nfl player walks into animal shelter , asks to adopt a dog thats been here a long time
100 year old runner just won ' t stop
texas doughnut shop is flooded with customers after the owner ' s son tweeted his dad was ' sad ' no one turned up for the grand opening
overweight young woman refuses gastric bypass and loses 100 pounds in 18 months
' grateful dog snuggles new mom who rescued him from shelter
aids breakthrough: researchers have eliminated hiv 1 dna ( the virus responsible for aids ) from the cells and organs of living animals . human trials could begin within a year .
nearly one billion people in africa to be protected against yellow fever by 2026
til that last year a bug loving 8 year old in canada who was teased at school for her unusual hobby ended up co authoring a research paper after the scientific community took her under their wing .
local man uses mountain climbing to raise awareness of veteran suicides
bio bricks made from human urine is ready to help in reducing global warming .
uber says its drivers can kick out white supremacists
using synthetic nervous system , paralyzed man is first to move again
nottingham woman hosts 130 people for christmas dinner bbc news
north face co founder ' s widow donates 1 million acres to chilean patagonia
hope is here for curing inherited blindness , as a n=18 clinical trial is underway using crispr to rid of blindness causing mutations
quacks on the tracks: nypd rescues duck from subway line
the american nurses association has its first male president .
british supermarket group tesco launched scheme in malaysia based on bags with barcodes , giving customers discounts on their shopping every time they reuse bags " unforgettable bag " launched in kuala lumpur in effort to shift away from single use plastic bags and reduce waste .
this man thought buying a birthday cake for his dog would be a waste he was wrong
' sober bar ' helps keep people on road to recovery after life of drugs
scientists just got closer to speaking dolphin
us generates more electricity from renewables than coal for first time ever
police officer donates part of his liver to ailing baby girl
hen therapy for the old and lonely we visit the unique hen power project , which was set up in august 2012 with the aim of bringing the elderly out of isolation and into a community united in its task of caring for hens .
a peek inside santa school , where clauses learn to be ready for anything
sweet baby finn
japan and south korea near agreement on ' comfort women ' abused during world war ii
54 year old custodian graduates from the college he cleaned at night
may 11 , 2015 mothers day speech . . . paying attention to what ' s important is important .
local mosque serves breakfast for philadelphia police officers story
sgt . reckless , a marine corps horse , awarded the dickin medal for service during the korean war
father of five ' s t shirt ad finds kidney donor
global solar capacity set to pass one terawatt mark by 2023
exonerated man gets job back with chicago white sox after 23 years in prison
the woman who braved himalayan floods to rescue hundreds
in your world a man of hope
meet the dog that comforts children who testify in court
a birthday fundraiser helps 150 children receive life changing surgeries
horse mentoring program helping at risk youth
when women are at the negotiating table , peace is more likely to last
with all the tax stuff going around about apple i wanted to remind that every rich person/company isnt a greedy bitch ( supercell )
canada , who was previously the largest importer of shark fins outside asia , has just ended all trading of shark fins .
little girl receives a doll with a prosthetic leg like hers and cries tears of joy
shell leaving oil lobbyists
veterinarian rehabilitates horses injured during louisiana flood
kim jong un has become the first north korean leader to set foot in south korea by crossing the military line that has divided the peninsula since the end of the korean war in 1953 .
an oasis in drought hit maharashtra ( india ) , village sets example
an ingenious drone delivery service known as uber for blood has slashed the delivery time of life saving medicine to remote regions of rwanda from four hours to an average of half an hour .
special antibodies could lead to hiv vaccine
model , madeline stuart , doesn ' t let down syndrome hold her back . stars in a bridal fashion shoot after gracing the new york fashion week runways .
canada ' s business community wants governments to commit to carbon pricing | cbc news
new mexico outlaws school lunch shaming
trump puts elephant trophies decision on hold following criticism
meth addicted python among hundreds of animals in australian prison rehab
former foster child raises money for care packages for other foster children
montgomery co . native elected 1st black student body president at yale
family of dog with failing kidneys receives miracle organ donation
wwe ' s titus o ' neil creates christmas magic for bay area kids
about 12 people taken to hospital with suspected carbon monoxide poisoning at clemmons restaurant
tiger species thought extinct is possibly spotted in indonesia
maryland just banned the sale of puppies and kittens in pet stores
the va will eliminate hepatitis c in veterans by year end
schoolboy , 12 , carries his disabled friend to school every day
majority of taiwanese prepared to fight china to protect democracy
couple donates $165 million to preserve 24 , 000 acres at point conception
soccer star , cristiano ronaldo steps in to ( potentially ) rescue 80 dogs and save portuguese kennels from closure
lytton rancheria tribe donates $1million to california wildfire victims
' opportunity finally came ' lincoln , ne mcdonald ' s owner pays forward his thanks thanksgiving day feast for employees and family the egyptian immigrant started for mcdonald ' s as a part time dishwasher in 1981 .
nic cage crashes nic cage festival , reads short story in very nic cage way
actor aaron pedersen has played over 40 roles in his life but the role that has been his longest running has been as a carer to his younger brother vinnie , who has cerebral palsy and mild intellectual disabilities .
lilja alfresdottir , icelands minister of education and culture , took the role of referee at a childrens soccer tournament .
baby heads home after spending 300 days in nicu
more than 1000 institutions pledge to withdraw investment from fossil fuels
amc theatres launches program to make sure franchises don ' t kill smaller movies
dog tag buddies helps montana veterans
mapping and creating open data on plastic pollution can now earn you cryptocurrency littercoin @ openlittermap . com
chinese people are actually against eating dog meat
indias q1 solar power production surges 103%
homeless vietnam vet honored by funeral home with final free farewell
this woman has spent a lifetime uplifting over 80 , 000 children in delhi
teen registered people to vote as they waited in popeyes line for new chicken sandwich
request for donations surpasses delhi family ' s wildest dreams
greta effect leads to boom in childrens environmental books
texas woman changes homeless man ' s life after he stood on same street corner for three years
memphis police director locks arms with black lives matter supporters
columbine survivors share a message of hope for others affected by trauma
syrian child wins peace prize for building refugee school in lebanon
national zoo pandas tumble and play in the snow
special wish foundation , angels haven horse rescue helps sophia homyk , 5 , fulfill her wish to ride a ' unicorn '
texas family won ' t let hoa stop ' mailbox to heaven ' from bringing their daughters comfort after baby ' s death
video 91 year old veteran community honors his dying wish .
' you ' re not dying on my watch ' : vet clinic saves dog with 100 , 000 fleas
some bbc male presenters agree to pay cuts
after planting a tree every day for 40 years , man has created blossoming forest on barren wasteland
queensland refugee and migrant women conquer big fears through learn to drive program
bill and melinda gates are paying off nigerias $76 million debt to japan
liveleak . com incredible moment man jumps on top of swan in river to rescue it from deadly fish hook
nasa turns 60: these images from the nasa archive illustrate the remarkable steps and giant leaps for mankind
an ' angel ' helped one widow buy groceries; it was ludacris
blind love: surgeons give mom prosthetic face
its surreal: seattles pike place fish market sold to fish throwing employees
students give ' sweetest ' high school janitor new work boots for christmas
after 105 years , kailua woman reveals her secret to a long , happy life: " treat everyone equally and never say anything bad about people .
ryan reynolds writes emotional tribute after worlds biggest deadpool fan succumbs to cancer
league of legends streamer ' s life saved after supportive fans convince him not to commit suicide .
josh coombes hairdresser for the homeless
my wife ringing the bell after her 16th and final chemotherapy treatment . shes treating breast cancer while studying to get her masters and being an amazing mom !
pine marten spotted in kielder forest for first time in 90 years
postgraduate due to marry a man condemned to death
giant 7ft 2 . 1m long fish
cashiers act of kindness leaves foster parent in awe
medical cannabis gaining traction as alternative to prescription drugs
puppy who lost two paws in act of cruelty receives prosthetics
how to live to 100 and be happy ( by those who have done it ! )
game of thrones actress emilia clarke sends personal thank you to redditors who raised over $63 , 000 for brain injury/stroke rehabilitation
free castles &amp; villas: italy is giving away over 100 historic properties
joe biden marries two gay white house officials at his house
woman who fled wildfire returns a month later to find lost dog waiting for her
oakland boy says ' thank you ' in video released by family after accidentally shooting himself in the head
goldman sachs predicts electric cars could cause oil demand to peak by 2024
new jersey cops surprise boy with a new bike after his was stolen
iceland makes companies prove they ' re not paying women less
i don ' t know if this is the right place to post this , but this put a huge smile on my face . severely overweight dog who was about to be euthanized by his previous owner shed more than 100 pounds .
upon eating owners letter , dog gets his own from the courthouse .
assyrian christian girl mirna hana wows the voice after fleeing isis in iraq
veterans using stand up comedy to help cope with ptsd .
homeless in seattle , and marrying under the overpass
a boy with autism wouldn ' t sit still on a united airlines flight . so crew and passengers stepped in to help .
king salman of saudi arabia just issued an order to allow women driving !
generous woman pays all the adoption fees so animals can found a home for christmas
south koreans and north koreans connecting over pyongyang naengmyeon , a ubiquitous and iconic dish known as north koreas hamburger
nasa wants your uplifting messages for voyager
justice department set to free 3 , 000 prisoners as criminal justice overhaul takes hold
high school senior accepted to 147 colleges , offered over $7m in scholarships
ukrainian drivers are converting their cars into wood burners to save money on gas
teenager uses sign language to communicate with blind and deaf man during flight
good samaritan returns wallet left on frontier flight , adds money to it just because
kashmir reader newspaper ban lifted . freedom of press 1 , censorship 0 .
india predicts it will exceed paris renewable energy target by half
neglected riverside steps in poland revived with free form fitting sunbed seats
eleanore , 104 , volunteers each week to help homebound seniors get groceries they need
piano playing is teens forte despite being born without hands ( a disability was no treble for him . )
rare sea otter sighting offers sign of a resurgence , scientists hope
my friend ' s little brother , an indiana basketball student manager with down syndrome , drilled a half court shot last weekend .
the sheer amount of people that stopped to help those involed in a fiery car accident . everybody survived .
local child launches homeless nonprofit organization
a bus driver becomes a hero
steph curry , under armour spend all star weekend party funds on charlotte rec center renovation
11 year old blind girl inspires with radio show
zimbabwe ' s breakdance king who uses a wheelchair bbc news
business closes , another makes it right for customers !
because we ' re ' the greatest subreddit in all the land ! '
this mobile laundry gives homeless people free showers and washes their clothes .
shout out to orlando , saw a double rainbow today .
dream cubby illustration brought to life for sydney children with hearing impairments
u . s . marine working to help local veterans find homes
adopting jiajia: abandoned chinese boy adopted by an american family
police assist mother duck and her ducklings across a busy street , for the 8th year in a row
' hey sean , you ' re a real piece of garbage ' : sean spicer got heckled in new york on his book tour
ejaculate daily to reduce prostate cancer risk
terminally ill child dies in santa ' s arms
gop strips rep . steve king of committee assignments over white supremacist views
man used his fortune to send 33 strangers to college
a dog lost part of her skull to cancer . so researchers printed her a 3d one
paradise dog survives camp fire , watches over burned california block
japanese boy yamato tanooka missing for 6 days after his parents abandoned him in a forest is found alive
hunters stranded on arctic sea ice accidentally found and rescued by a search and rescue plane out for a training mission
burger king is giving away student loan payments to customers
dna filtered from sea water has revealed presence of rare shark species roaming ocean that was previously missed by scientists . tests performed by international research team have revealed previously hidden diversity of sharks around new caledonian archipelago in south western pacific .
kenyan entrepreneur starts successful spices business with just $48
big boi gives service puppy to girl paralyzed in bounce house shooting
montreal woman overcomes homelessness , gives back with free bbq
spread your christmas cheer
dad has the best reaction to a special birthday gift
to the mother of my son ' s organ donor , " thank you " .
5 year old bonds with neighbor over yardwork while his dad is deployed overseas
supreme court decriminalizes section 377 and legalizes homosexuality in india .
wild rose nonprofit donates $1 . 2 million to civic , charitable causes
young man stops hate crime and makes a lifelong friend .
canberra boy who learnt sign language to help his deaf friend wins humanity award
after raising $13 , 000 for veterans last year , buddy check 22 is looking forward to exceeding that number saturday in its second annual veteran suicide awareness scramble .
high school seniors wake up at 4am so they can shovel neighbors driveway before her dialysis
its adorable: duck becomes best friends with dog after being rescued by family
turns out a lot of christians are against trump ' s pro christian agenda vice
philippines faces mango surplus
granny finally graduates from university at the age of 91
doctors now treating a genetic disorder in utero
athens familys pug chases off trio of armed home invaders
paralysed dad walks daughter down the aisle with the help of special bionic suit
jeff bezos requests ideas on how to spend his money .
miracle baby defies odds , heads home to texas
scientists have found the cause of asthmaand possibly the cure
boy with down syndrome stars in photoshoot after casting call rejection
photographer gives free photoshoots to kids with special needs
oklahoma school first in us to use bulletproof shelters to keep kids safe
officers save 9 month old not breathing after traffic stop .
teacher raises money to buy entire school christmas gifts
mind over matter: you really can think yourself healthier and happier
man picked up tennis at 60 now top ranked 90 year old player
celtic fans pledge to match any uefa fine for palestinian flag display and donate it to palestine charity . fund reaches target of 15 , 000 in first day . [x post /r/soccer]
us workers walk out over border camp sales
' i dont want anyone to suffer ever ' : utah woman donates kidney to complete stranger
creatures thought to be extinct found alive in honduras ' ' lost city '
bookseller records record sales after tweeting about ' worst day ever ' at her store with only $15 . 00 in sales
alabama officer steps in when he sees teens shoes are wrapped in duct tape
atheist photographer meets 40 muslim neighbours for ' faces of islam ' project
boy suffers internal decapitation during car crash , is saved by good samaritan .
man spends more than a year preparing epic marriage proposal
ugandan women who earn the equivalent of $1 . 20 per day spend $900 of their wages to donate to katrina relief .
biodegradable plastic made from ' tree glue ' could be on shelves within five years
human conditions improving at a remarkable rate
for veterans who can ' t travel , virtual reality offers a way to see the wwii memorial
calgary mom battling breast cancer receives almost $2 , 500 in free car repairs from airdrie shop
geneous guy invented automatic paper plane making &amp; flying machine gun
when a dog is found 2000 miles away from home , 20 strangers volunteer to bring him back .
new ebola vaccine gives 100 percent protection
priest donates to miners affected by blackjewel bankruptcy
china is re assigning 60 , 000 troops to plant trees: china will plant new forests covering an area of 84 , 000 square kilometers , roughly the size of ireland , in 2018 , as it aims to increase forest coverage to 23% of total landmass by the end of the decade
eminem celebrates 10 years sober , inspires people struggling with addiction to open up .
i wasnt really sure where to share this . . . but my kitty cat is currently trending on all these news sites . im a proud crazy cat person .
oklahoma man ' s truck becomes surprising image of support on reddit during pride month
match made in heaven: young cancer survivor adopts unique dog hes been waiting for
marriott , the world ' s largest hotel chain , is eliminating travel sized toiletries
' junior officer ' recovering from 10th surgery could we get police stations around the world to send her greetings ?
shopping superstore stages quiet hour to help shoppers with autism and disability
girl scouts selling cookies at pot dispensaries is genius
nfl player returns to hometown to take family friend to prom
phones and washing machines must be made to last , mps say as uk government launches inquiry into ' tsunami ' of e waste mary creagh , who is launching the enquiry , has said that while in the past technology was built to last , now it is built to degrade in order to produce profit for tech companies .
vancouver aquarium rescues injured seal pup entangled in net
mumbai has the become the largest indian city to ban single use plastics , with residents caught using plastic bags , cups or bottles to face penalties of up to 25 , 000 rupees ( 276 ) and three months in jail from monday .
a bangladeshi man who knows hunger all too well provides affordable meals for children in need global voices
saudis plan to abolish guardianship system for women , and men under 21 .
an eye . . . and became a vampire as the child of god
community holds surprise wedding reception for syrian refugees
team reddit has raised $90 , 908 for kids via extralife charity streams ( aiming for $250k )
chrissy teigen left a huge tip for down on her luck outback waitress , who can now get her car fixed
rescued foxes from fur trade to live out their lives at a buddhist sanctuary
discovery of new nesting site increases known number of ' world ' s most mysterious bird ' .
meet the kerala fisherman who has removed 3 . 5 tonnes of plastic from the sea
a professor and his son in law came up with a brilliant invention to slash water use by 98% ikea is already a partner
this north carolina woman raised enough money to pay debts of 14 high school students who wouldn ' t otherwise have graduated
minority women are winning the jobs race in a record economic expansion
heroic passenger wrestles knifeman on busy london bus
kitten scanner: the fun sized mri machine changing lives at monash children ' s hospital " an mri can be quite an intimidating experience . we ' re trying to get kids who are four and six into the scanner without an anaesthetic .
a british man was rescued after being " slave " for 40 years
bear assists police in catching three violent robbers in tochigi prefecture ( japan )
corporate giants launch renewable energy buyers alliance
nih plans to replace animal testing with ethical modern methods
iranian fans unfurl banner at world cup demanding home country allow women to sporting events
bystanders thwart kentucky kroger kidnapping as armed man attempts to take boy , police say
wnba ' s maya moore left basketball for the 2019 season to focus on a sabbatical to help free a man she believes was wrongly convicted .
pele set to auction off jules rimet trophy amongst 2 , 000 items: pele said a portion of the proceeds from the auction will be donated to the pequeno principe childrens hospital in the brazilian city of curitiba .
nearly $100 , 000 donated to woman who flipped off donald trump
uk sets new record for days without coal power .
walt disney company to eliminate plastic straws and more by 2019
dad posts ' don ' t give up ' signs around town to lower suicide rates: ' you never know who is struggling '
mother of three becomes fastest human being on a bike at 183 . 9mph
very refreshing to see some museums seeking out families and returning photos so that people can reconnect with lost ancestors .
from selling fish to driving an auto: one kerala man ' s arduous journey to a phd . from having to live in a house with no electricity to working in stone quarries and pineapple farms as a child , ajith walked through thorn paved ways to reach where he is today .
nine year old boy prints a mechanical hand for his teacher
' drop by drop ' : how poetry helped the u . s . military in afghanistan
dad burns feet carrying kids from burning home
the last male northern white rhino on earth has joined the dating app tinder as part of fundraising efforts by conservationists to save the species
inspired by the pixar film up , a house is lifted into the air using a cluster of balloons
south korea welcomes 34 myanmar refugees to resettle in seoul
a 6 year old girl gives up her birthday party to give back to the homeless
man on lsd saves dog from imaginary fire
driver rescues 34 kids from a burning school bus , sc fire department says
a homeless man found rare artwork from disney ' s ' bambi ' in a trash bin . when it sold for $3 , 700 , the seller tracked him down to split the proceeds
a youtuber was scuba diving at foster falls in tennessee when he came across the gopro camera of a man who drowned there in 2017 . he tracked down the mans parents and personally returned the camera , which contained some of their sons last moments .
french healthcare system ' should not fund homeopathy ' treatments should not be reimbursed until medical benefit is proven , experts say
grade a for grenfell girl who fled fire hours before exams
sir david attenborough praises glastonbury festival for going plastic free
ibm ' s watson was tested on 1 , 000 cancer diagnoses made by human experts . in 30 percent of the cases , watson found a treatment option the human doctors missed . some treatments were based on research papers that the doctors had not read . more than 160 , 000 cancer research papers are published a year .
long beach , a city in los angeles county receives $8 million grant to combat homelessness
scientists ' find cancer ' s achilles heel ' bbc
heart disease rates in the uk have declined significantly it ' s still the leading cause of mortality , but deaths have decreased by almost half since 2005 .
using parents ' car , high school student donates unused bagels to area food pantries
muslim family apprehensive about visiting restaurant in the deep south until someone paid their bill .
nasa astronaut kate rubins , crewmates safely return from the space station
5 year old bullied so severely he threw up before school daily inspires two highschoolers to start anti bullying program
video shows surprised mom getting honourary degree after she took quadriplegic son to all his classes
18 years after saving her life , retired police officer celebrates girls college graduation
paralyzed man finishes london marathon aided by israeli robotic suit
renewable energy became germany ' s dominant source of electricity in 2018 , beating coal for the first time in history
starbucks pledges to hire 10 , 000 refugees over five years in the 75 countries where it does business
garbageman saves 93 year old woman from california fire
two nurses hired within months of each other to work the same shift on the same floor at the same florida hospital discovered they were long lost sisters from korea , who had been separated for nearly 40 years . [x post /r/til]
' big bang theory ' to end with season 12
tennessee teen who disappeared with 50 year old teacher found safe
scientists prepare to farm puffy pink seaweed that stops cows burping methane
swift foxes bounce back from near extinction in canada
' fighting back ' : kashmir enclave blocks entry of indian troops
malaysia a muslim majority country will decriminalize all drugs and treat drug use as a health issue instead of a criminal issue .
a new jersey woman is providing a loving home to a dog that was mutilated by someone intent on eating it . teresa , a 2 year old mixed breed , was rescued from thailand in january after a man tried , and failed , to butcher her . the attack left teresa without a nose and part of her top jaw missing .
man gives the shirt off his back to a stranger on the nyc subway
brazil surpasses target deforestation emissions a year and a half early !
former homeless man donates $10 , 000 to a high school after two students from the school helped him in a blizzard giving him clothes , a jacket and money for a train ticket to visit his father
duck mother with nice children saved from street , menden , north rhine westphalia , germany .
rwanda ' s hospitals will use drones to deliver medical supplies
pill mill ruling raises questions about police power
traffic police officer piggybacks elderly man struggling to cross busy road in china
thousands of people have marked car free day in cities across ethiopia by walking and exercising .
deaf teen works on graduating with her second college degree before her high school graduation ceremony
bystanders form a human chain to rescue man from teetering truck
10 year old kid finds flaw in instagram , facebook hands him $10k
attic jackpot: man finds pristine 1987 nintendo game that could sell for $10 , 000
kind patrons leave waitress a massive mother ' s day tip after learning her baby was sleeping at home
germany is thinking about capping top manager salaries
suicidal man running marathon alongside stranger who talked him down from a bridge
teacher helps differently abled girl across the finish line
law allows utah seniors to go back to college for very low cost
boy reports stuffed animal missing . rhode island police conduct search and rescue , send him a new cheetah toy
boise state student uses senior project to help homeless
chance the rapper buys out theater for fans to see ' get out ' for free
france offers citizenship to malian immigrant mamoudou gassama who scaled building to save child who was clinging to a railing and glancing at the ground below , while horrified onlookers watched
charity launches new down syndrome doll to help children
: )
comcast call center employee in mississippi saved the life of man having a stroke in michigan
by 2030 , the cost ( of renewables ) could be so near to zero it will effectively be free financial times
germany introducing mandatory measles vaccination for kids
malaysia government to stop palm oil expansion , keep 50% land as forest
the [australian administrative appeals] tribunal has ordered that the list of 19 target [shark] species be ripped up and that sharks can no longer be killed by gunshot in the name of bather protection .
researchers use drone to pollinate flower
new device can pull water from desert air
social good app which raises money by tracking user ' s physical activity turning pokemon go into the world ' s largest charity drive
this german shepherd named bigie was trapped for several weeks . watch his heartwarming rescue video
university professor loses book , buys a used copy on amazon 4 years later which turns out to be hers
an italian chef took pity on a fish which had been destined to end up on his diners ' plates , returning it to the sea after realizing in the kitchen that the creature was still alive .
amazing teen redditor writes vegan cookbook and donates all money to animals
sa digger ' s descendants heading to france to see school named after him over wwi sacrifice: descendants of a south australian farmer who died 100 years ago fighting on the western front are heading to france , where a school will be named after him in honour of his sacrifice .
baby rescued from collapsed building in kenya
habitat meets profit as ranchers restore native prairies
abused dogs and cats now have a ( human ) voice in connecticut courts
bills fans have donated over $100 , 000 to andy dalton ' s foundation
pig and policeman in hilarious dance off in kingston for cancer charity
chromium and new edge may soon use less memory and start up faster ghacks tech news
100 year old golfer still going strong on the greens ( but he does " cuss " when he misses )
when did optimism become uncool ?
in south sudan , a child soldier long thought dead comes back
teacher creates tennis ball chair to help students with autism
scientists have accidentally developed a plastic eating enzyme that may be used to combat one of the world ' s worst pollution problems .
man enjoys life after losing 3 foot long penis
utah teacher wants wedding gifts sent to homeless children at her school , not her
shopping mall recycling all their food waste into thriving rooftop garden for employees
transgender community members get free healthcare cards in one of pakistan ' s provinces
babysitter , 2 young girls saved from burning car by good samaritan
emissions fall in madrid city center thanks to new traffic restrictions the level of nitrogen oxide has dropped by 38% after local authorities made 472 hectares off limits to most vehicles at the end of november
oklahoma airman helps elderly woman with groceries
thousands of people come together to run with chase coleman , the autistic teen that gave up running after being pushed by a stranger .
thousands of bikers arrive in nyc on ' last ' ride honoring 9/11 victims
amsterdam ' s prison was transformed into a colorful home for refugees by two artists
homeland security cancels massive roundups of undocumented immigrants
teen launched " sit with me " at lunch app , which promotes inclusion for bullied kids
delaware becomes the first state to have exclusively no kill animal shelters
malibu in california bans plastic cutlery and straws
ny cross country runner stops race to help competitor with visual impairment
job growth surges 300 , 000+ in december
rescue crew drops man at hospital , then does his yard work
donald glover becomes the first black person ever to win an emmy for directing for a comedy ! ! !
bozeman ups driver saves dog from icy pond
rhino hope after artificial insemination birth
elif shafak: love is incredibly hard to master*
an indian industrial plant has figured out how to turn its carbon emissions into baking soda
pups rescued from slaughter the middle east get spoiled rotten
taco truck , stuck in seattles big i 5 closure , opens for lunch anyway
independent artist " chance the raper " donates 1 million dollars to chicago public schools .
pakistan toughens laws on rape and honor killings of women
girl power
' it ' s a miracle ' : woman survives fall from plane after parachute fails
boy , 4 , becomes unlikely friends with man with dementia , 91 , after his mum arranged a meetup so he could get used to being with older people
markets are breaking down indias caste system , turning untouchables into millionaires
chobani founder has been quietly helping and employing resettled refugees for a while now . now committed to eating yogurt for every damn breakfast
red faction : guerrilla devs releasing a steam patch on this 2009 year game . . . they take good care of their customers .
man asks friends to send him anywhere in the world heres what happened
we need to sit down with richard spencer " men find friendship during richard spencer rally
u . s . veterans build barracks for pipeline protesters in cold
thanks obama: u . s . added 200 , 000 jobs in january; unemployment at 4 . 1%
a neighbor filmed her neighbor abusing his dog and shared it on facebook . after thousands of shares the media and police look into it and save the dog
fitness freak working out on 10 , 000ft cliff
this man ' s family kept their promise to make his obituary hilarious
argentina firefighter rescues a baby from a burning building by abseiling five storeys
harvey rescue dogs to be up for adoption
' why ? wouldn ' t you ? : ' anti trump protesters take care of supporter who collapsed
fort mcmurray evacuee wins lotto , will help charities that helped family edmonton
lovers reunited 75 years on from ww2
man spots a family of mice in his garden so he builds them a miniature village
stray french dog finds a new family in ottawa
christchurch gun owners voluntarily hand in their weapons
for those who watch too much news , steven pinker has the cure
so , i received this tip tonight . . . this gives me hope in humanity . . .
zoo miami welcomes first rare indian rhino born by artificial insemination
umadevi antharjanam , 73 year old woman , promotes reading by delivering library books to readers doorsteps on foot
' i ' ll be back ' to the gym after arnie ' s help
indian women form 620km human chain in support of lifting of temple ban .
weddings legalised for church of the flying spaghetti monster in new zealand
lifesaving s . f . general surgeon honored as real hero
environmental news network renewables generated a record 65 percent of germanys electricity last week
bill gates is donating $12 million to help develop a universal flu vaccine .
canadian pm justin trudeau announces ban on transgender discrimination
giant panda no longer endangered
park service aims to rebuild western town &amp; historic filming location at paramount ranch in two years
former us senator harris wofford , 90 , to marry male partner
kolkata stray outperforms peers , becomes top dog in elite sniffer squad
grenfell tower families to be rehoused in 68 luxury apartments | uk news
georgia knoll a young girl with down syndrome ' video bombs ' live news ( it ' s adorable )
candice payne got 30 hotel rooms for homeless people in chicago during severe cold snap
kevin hines is a suicide survivor and suicide prevention speaker .
anti sense therapy for children with spinal muscular atrophy deemed so effective that clinical trials have been stopped to allow children in the placebo arms to recieve the treatment
someone called 911 over kids playing basketball , and this cop responded by throwing down a dunk
nicaraguan ex gang members turned plumbers
generous boy uses savings to buy favourite petrol attendant a bicycle
shimizu to build world ' s largest ship for offshore wind farm
a dogs dose of happiness for seniors
fresno philanthropist &amp; entrepreneur ( 8 years old ) starts baking business
karthiyani amma , a 96 yesr old woman from kerala , india , takes primary school literacy examination under government scheme to educate everyone in the state .
[deleted by user]
from bhutan to new yorks dairy heartland
coke and pepsi abandon the plastics lobby
we don ' t deserve wives
noxious air disappeared when london closed roads to cars for cycle event " six years of conclusive evidence that if you would like to breathe clean air , you need to reduce polluting vehicles in urban settings radically . " conclusion: restricting car use leads to a massive drop in air pollution .
ohio boy donates all $15k in fair winnings to st . jude childrens hospital
husband learns to drive at 79 so he can chauffeur his wife to hospital
woman sees shelter dogs in need , buys entire shelter
an american in d . c . a refugee in iraq . and a powerful exhibit that let them talk face to face: at the holocaust museum , a life size screen connects visitors in washington with syrians and iraqis who have been forced from their homes
american lady flies to india to attend the wedding of her ' facebook son '
the eastern new york correctional facilitys inmate debate team who beat harvards debate team in 2015 just beat cambridge university , the most prestigious debate team in the world
elderly couple nears 71st anniversary , photo warms hearts on facebook
how to donald trump beats hillary clinton
former neo nazi removes swastika tattoos after unlikely friendship
a group of retirees knitting sweaters for chilly chickens .
i love my park day celebrates new yorks state parks , historic sites and public lands; 8 , 000 volunteers pitch in at over 140 locations |
gun enthusiast saws ar 15 assault rifle in half after florida shooting .
denied graves by nazis , resistance fighters finally buried
woman spends $3 , 000 prize on toys for tots
homeless man feared dead is reunited with long lost family
gravity payments employees surprise their ceo , dan price , with a gift . . . a tesla model s !
man leaves irish waiter $750 tip to fly his girlfriend and newborn baby home for christmas
injustice 2 pro series winner donates 10 , 000$ to opponents family
male penguin couple adopt abandoned egg at berlin zoo
scientists may have found a way to treat cancer without chemotherapy
hospital relaxes rules to let dying man see his dog one last time: peter robson ' s only wish was to be able to say goodbye to shep , the border collie which had provided companionship after his wife died .
i cried for a little while , pregnant woman shocked by customers $900 tip
indian engineer who made breathing device to prevent deaths of newborn babies wins innovation award in uk
uk wind energy sets new generation record , exceeds 10 , 000 megawatts
huntington beach raccoon rescued by southern california edison workers
archaeologists restore ancient palmyra artifacts in damascus museum
man launches airbnb style website to provide free accommodation for refugees
canceled: steve harvey just lost his long running talk show
paralyzed veteran continues to pedal forward to raise money for other valley war heroes
new brain cancer vaccine gives patients hope
californias shasta county suspends contract with wildlife services after more than 72 , 000 animals were killed over last 2 years
hero dog helps rescue missing toddler nbc news
kyle turris won overtime game for ottawa senators , then celebrated with his other team
medical miracle allows woman to celebrate 100th birthday on thanksgiving
police officers break rank to get engaged at london pride
taiwan is on the verge of becoming the first asian country with marriage equality
missing toddler survived nearly 3 days alone in the kentucky hills a massive search returned the 22 month old boy to his parents .
unique court system helping veterans on the central coast
black man convinces 200 ku klux klansmen to leave white supremacist group by befriending them .
thai policeman stops desperate knife wielding man then gives him a hug
what happened when a child fell into the gorilla pit in 1996 ? the primate rescued the boy
nearly 200 nations sign in end of fossil fuel era and limit global warming to 1 . 5c
beautiful true story: the gift , a glove puppet that bore witness to half a century of christmas love | philip hoare
costcos hot dogs will probably never go up in price
edward snowden ' s new video is today ' s technology good for democracy ? ( just released )
over 120 missing children found safe during human trafficking sting in michigan
florida man robs delivery man of " money , pizza , and mountain dew " , shares a slice with stranger before escape
the internet is changing africa for the better
105 year old woman gets high school diploma
uplifting news in review 5/14/17 5/21/17
elearning company offers free sexual harassment prevention course to help companies make work a better place to be
colorado bill would allow doctors to recommend medical marijuana instead of prescription painkillers
uttarakhand blind footballers aim for international glory times of india
australian kid with heart condition given an honorary spot in the national cricket team for the boxing day match
hong kong activists showed up to clean up a train station after violent clashes there with police
face transplant before and after is amazing ! man receives ' second chance at life '
1 month after fatal crash , he took his late son ' s girlfriend to her senior prom
fill in school bus driver builds wheelchair bound girl her own ramp after seeing mom struggle
sen . mitch mcconnell trips , breaks shoulder in kentucky baltimore sun
bikers escort 10 year old bullying victim to school
couple adopts 5 siblings: " all they had left in this world is each other
solar power employs twice as many as coal in us | cleantechnica
gala raises over $520k for childrens mental health services
endangered whooping cranes released into louisianas wilds have had their best hatching season so far . they are part of generations of work to bring back the birds , which barely escaped extinction .
at least two suspected rhino poachers have been mauled to death and eaten by lions on a south african game reserve , officials say .
el salvador becomes first country to ban metals mining
quick thinking 11 year old helps foil girl ' s kidnapping
report: half of u . s . coal mines operating in 2008 have closed
my hometown police adopted an abused puppy . now it ' s called stan lee and it ' s going to become a k9 agent
jayme close found alive
worlds oldest known seabird lays an egg at age of 66
dog owners are motivated to walk their pets because it makes them happy , not for health or social reasons , and they think it makes their dogs happy too
franklin davis , a homeless vietnam veteran , sweeps the vietnam veterans memorial during the government shutdown
see how 1 man is turning trash cans into beautiful street bouquets
sky and natgeo team up to raise marine plastic awareness
sonoma county debuts court specializing in cases of homeless defendants , when homeless are given fines which they can ' t pay the court can exchange the fine for community service saving the homeless from higher fine penalties or jail .
america ' s cheese stockpile just hit an all time high
cafe opens its doors every night to dogs who are freezing in the cold
homeless man becomes millionaire by building beaches in peoples backyards
albania to ban all casinos , sports betting shops in residential areas
scientists successfully breed kale with cannabis
librarian for a day: cincy teen gets her dream job
boy , 8 , collects more than 1 , 000 toys for children of puerto rico .
d . c . food startup connects refugee chefs to home , a new culture
rescuer brought to tears after saving singed cat from devastated area of paradise
ai elon musk , deepmind founders , and others sign pledge to not develop lethal ai weapon systems
reddit is helping some people deal with their mental health struggles
texas valedictorians undocumented tweet sparks social media uproar
group raises funds to pedal forward with new york city made bamboo bicycles
good samaritans risk lives to save woman from attackers
two suspects arrested in connection to the attack of ' empire ' star jussie smollett @cnn
the hindus and sikhs helping build a mosque
anti homeless spikes removed after locals cover them with cushions .
five years after a mysterious virus wiped out millions of starfish off the western coast of north america , causing them to lose legs , dissolve into fleshy goo and taking various species to the brink of disappearance , scientists have announced a remarkable reversal .
chewa the lab rat has a great job , good retirement benefits
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states
india to donate well drilling rigs to bolivia
good samaritan picks up hotel tab for 70 homeless in chicago amid life threatening cold
10 year old maryland girl born without hands wins handwriting contest
a year after double hand transplant 9 year old says " i can do more than i imagined '
maine woman leaves winter coats taped to lamp poles for the needy
migrant kicking reporter gets probation
a juice company dumped orange peels in a national park . heres what it looks like now
detroit police chief surprises detroiters with financial holiday cheer on behalf of secret santa
' it still fits ' : diamond ring missing since 2004 turns up on garden carrot edmonton cbc news
mark fleming , a trainer on the autism spectrum wanted a place for people with autism to work out , so he opened his own gym .
i saw a bus driver do a pretty cool thing so i decided to reward him for it . didn ' t realise it would make the local news .
hiv used to cure ' bubble boy ' disease
missing dog found after 2 years
costa rica orders lgbt marriage equality rights
syrian eagles: how soccer is helping refugees settle into new toronto home
crossing guard saves 8 year old from kidnapping
300 pets who were saved during hurricane harvey are brought to seattle and put into foster care
pals send photo of their ill friend into space to help raise awareness of her plight
til a village in india is addicted to chess after one man taught everyone how to play 50 years ago to stop excessive alcohol use and gambling which has now all declined to almost nothing
this man drove from canada to donate 10 , 200 bottles of water to flint , mi and he ' s going to keep doing it
israeli lacrosse team buys new shoes for cleatless kenyan rivals
police officers build new wheelchair ramp for elderly couple
these two met in a swiss town , fell in love , drifted apart because of distance , and then found each other 32 years later
a pet lover in taiwan is using plastic water pipes to build wheelchairs for disabled dogs . the material costs for one wheelchair come in at around 1 , 000 twd ( usd $30 )
an indian human rights activist says she will finally end her epic 16 year old hunger strike next month .
x post: mississippi firefighter feels ' normal ' again 1 year after face transplant
entire staffs at 3 sonic locations quit after wages cut to $4/hour plus tips
denmark uses forest schools to connect preschoolers with nature and improve their emotional development
you can help save the planet and clean our oceans simply by chopping off your hair .
lots of people love the birds in their garden , but it ' s rare for that affection to be reciprocated . one young girl in seattle is luckier than most . she feeds the crows in her garden and they bring her gifts in return .
concept artist diagnosed with lou gehrig ' s disease in 2010 now uses a computer so he can draw with his eyes . ( images in article )
dallas teen beats stage 4 cancer to graduate high school
he ' s 100 , she ' s about to turn 103 , and they just got married
trump weighs breaking up wall street banks , raising u . s . gas tax
former sdsu student donates $1m for pride center , lgbt studies program
against all odds , mountain gorilla numbers are on the rise
scientists find fungus that eats plastics in landfills
good samaritan helps woman denied insurance coverage receive lifesaving hepatitis c drug
when you have dreamed about it for 2 years , eat , slept , breathed , researched , &amp; written for 6 months:
l . a . budgets $430 million , more than doubling its previous amount , in effort to ease homeless problem
us ' could legalise cannabis across country ' in wake of california decriminalisation vote
otters enjoy north carolina snow day
professor geoff raisman spent 60 years of his life trying to find a cure for paralysis . he ' s been fired twice and was laughed at often . but finally he helped paralysed darek fidyka walk again . geoff is a lesson in perseverance and not giving up on a dream .
strangers provide military sendoff to veterans unclaimed in death
texas elementary school flooded with blankets after girl ' s plaintive letter to santa asks only for food , a blanket and a ball for her brothers to play with .
new york burn victim , 8 , who wished for christmas cards receives disney world trip
standing rock pipeline protestors set up $5 , 000 crowdfunding target and raise $1 million
in a maryland prison , girl scouts get to visit their moms
golden retriever saves owner by leading an ambulance to him after he collapsed in an alleyway
transgender people will be allowed for the first time to enlist in the u . s . military starting on monday as ordered by federal courts , the pentagon said on friday , after president donald trumps administration decided not to appeal rulings that blocked his transgender ban .
mnangagwa bans live elephant trade
fund for helpful homeless man collects more than $280 , 000
graphene sieve makes seawater drinkable
the pleading puppy dog eyes of 71 beagles helped bring in a flood of donations to the lehigh county humane society , which had asked the community for help in caring for the rescued animals .
the ozone layer is repairing and is expected to fully heal by 2060
this is not a pleasant story for me . megyn kelly opens up about her own experience with charlie rose
xeli the cat becomes denver airports first therapy cat
a month after going missing , squishy the cat is found 80 miles away in sf
augsburg college mens hockey team reunites janitor with family in ethiopia after more than 30 years apart
after having his dodgers hat stolen , man with special needs throws out first pitch at dodgers stadium
sweden is so damn good at recycling , it ran out of trash
this is nothing sad and uplifting at the same time
boy with tumor on his face refuses surgery because of chance he will no longer be able to smile
syrian refugee comes to the rescue of canadian bride ' s wedding dress: turned out their next door neighbor was a master tailor in aleppo .
pitbull praised for sending his jet to puerto rico to evacuate cancer patient
netherlands closes down 19 prisons due to lack of prisoners
four months after criminal charge was dropped , illinois man finally wins back his seized truck
double uplifting news . teen girl lifts pickup truck off father &amp; elvis is found alive
all 12 boys , soccer coach rescued from thai cave
a family dog likely saved lives , waking humans up when their smoke alarm didn ' t go off
ottawa will order boats to give right whales a 100 metre buffer zone as it looks at a variety of options to protect the endangered mammals in the gulf of st . lawrence , says fisheries minister dominic leblanc .
this couple hiked for 8 days to get married on mt . everest . the photos are amazing
wales could ban parents and carers from smacking children government proposes removing defence of reasonable punishment from offences of assault and battery
when a 7 year old wrote to google ceo asking for a job , he responded " if you keep working hard and following your dreams , you can accomplish everything you set your mind to from working at google to swimming in the olympics .
fears , regrets , and realizations .
teen basketball players kneel during funeral procession out of respect
almost 100% efficient diamond battery from nuclear waste which lasts extremely long
mystery good samaritan enables man ' s $273m lottery win
dog and owner reunited after three years and 720 miles
teen fills stadium with 10 , 500 teddy bears in honour of his friend
edeka , a german supermarket , removes all foreign food from shelves to make a point about racism
crack open a cold one: pepsico testing canned water as it tries to cut down use of virgin plastic
two dozen city workers put on unlimited sick leave: officials
autistic teen wins a lifetime supply of peanut butter . hes giving jars away to furloughed workers .
10 year old selling hot chocolate to raise money for bullet proof vests &amp; booties for k9s .
spanish swimmer holds his own minute silence for terror attack victims after international swimming federation ( fina ) refuses .
dog daycare that is using prisoners as workers makes the prisoners feel less ashamed of their crimes !
this recording device will forever improve note taking in school
universe has two trillion more galaxies than previously thought
a sweet tale: the son who reinvented sugar to help diabetic dad | world news
even the coffee lady profits from this multi billion dollar ipo
teen saves 2 years to buy classmate electric wheelchair
they risked their lives , and in some cases gave their lives , to keep the people they swore to protect safe .
indian doctors shut down boys heart and brain , remove tumour and bring him back to life
7 year old gets dream wheelchair accessible tree house
queensland police go beyond the call of duty
sen . elizabeth warren on black maternity care: ' it ' s time to demand better outcomes '
dog reunited with florida family after 10 years
watch the moment children who survived cancer ring a bell to celebrate
canada becomes first g20 country to ban trade in shark fins
' you embody the meaning of service ' : chicago police chief welcomes the son who gave him a kidney to the force one year after the life saving transplant
indian billionaire spends $10 million on 400 apartments and 1260 cars for his employees on diwali . he does this every year .
michigan football players raised money by dying their hair orange . today they delivered a $211k check to chadtough foundation for pediatric brain tumor research
world ' s nations agree elephant ivory markets must close
that nurse who was wrongfully arrested for not letting the police take blood from an unconscious man in utah settles for $500k
the homeless in san diego are getting jobs thanks to a 16 year old boy
parents surprise daughter with shelter dog she had been caring for
canada airlifting thousands of trapped migrating salmon upstream
now open: a refugee run restaurant and cafe unlike anything else in sydney
canadian teen printed her bullys hateful message on a t shirt because those words dont define you
germany is opening its first electric highway for trucks
batman and batmobile travel from wv to be a part of townville boy ' s superhero funeral
thought this belonged here
the boy behind the measles vaccine grew up to be an anti vaxxer . now he wants everyone to get vaccinated .
these humans created a " summer camp " for homeless , special needs dogs
morocco turns on what will become the worlds largest solar power plant .
chinese hospital deemed a beacon of hope , has treated over 30 , 000 foreign cancer patients in the past decade after being told there was " no hope " in their respective countries .
khoudia diop: bullied for her dark skin , now a topmodel
people of bell island , newfoundland , help save 4 dolphins trapped in ice
france starts work on revolutionary ' alzheimer ' s village ' where patients roam almost free: work has begun on frances first " alzheimer ' s village where patients will be given free rein without medication in a purpose built medieval style citadel designed to increase their freedom and reduce anxiety .
first paralyzed human regains his upper body movement after being treated with stem cells
india rolls out world ' s first leprosy vaccine as fight goes on ' war footing '
son tweets about dad ' s new doughnut shop being empty . store sells out next day .
amazon builds treehouses to give employees the chance to express their moods
meet the man offering kids free haircuts if they do their homework
a majority in brazil ' s supreme court has voted in favour of criminalising homophobia and transphobia , making them the equivalent of racism .
brave 8 year old girl saves baby brother from a menacing kidnapper
teen in china crashes into bmw and learns why honesty is the best policy
mcdonalds happy meals just got healthier
in november last year " west midlands on the move " launched the " human power station " outside coventry rail station these are exercise bikes which let you charge your mobile or tablets as you pedal .
a group of teens taught a 5 year old boy with autism how to ride a skateboard on his birthday
iraq veteran and puppy reunited in us after months apart
airbnb offers free rooms to those affected by immigration ban
couple finally able to adopt years after losing child .
american veteran and afghan translator who saved him from taliban found charity to help other hero translators come to us
oil demand for cars is already falling | electric vehicles are displacing hundreds of thousands of barrels a day , exceeding expectations .
quebec veterinarian on a mission to help families who can ' t afford animal care
mcdonald ' s canada selling 67 cent hamburgers to mark 50th birthday
chesapeake blue crab population grows 35 percent; dnr predicts ' robust ' season
boy who is deaf rejoices after hearing recorder for the first time
south london rapper stormzy donated 9k for a student to do a master ' s degree at harvard
bnp paribas says the party is over for oil companies: . . . the economics of oil for gasoline and diesel vehicles versus wind and solar powered evs are now in relentless and irreversible decline .
small business launches positivity campaign to share a nice thought about someone on social media .
homeowner returns one month after camp fire , finds her dog waiting for her at her house
homeless man with dementia reunited with family after a mum shares his story on facebook
drug tag team clobbers antibiotic resistant bacteria
what ' s next for isis if russia killed abu bakr al baghdadi ? if russia killed baghdadi , islamic state could collapse
football team takes a knee instead of going for winning touchdown after opposing player is lifeflighted
volunteers come together to help wounded veterans surf waves of nsb
philippine ' s department of environment stops " 130 , 000 balloon drop " guinness record attempt due to the public ' s concern over the garbage it will generate
thousands wait in line for burgers at papaw ' s cookout
maine becomes the first state to ban styrofoam
this little monkey hears her parents for the first time ! !
being poor is not an excuse to help if you have helping mind
around 2 , 000 artifacts have been saved from the ruins of brazils national museum fire
kids reading books to shelter dogs might make your heart explode
family ' s odd journey takes them from mortgages to sausages
5 year old girl has ' trash pickup ' birthday party to collect astoria litter
yassins falafel house dreams
little girl ' s stolen puppy returned by remorseful thieves
comedian with terminal cancer will get an hbo special , thanks to ellen degeneres today ' s news: our take | tvguide . com
my uncle created a pheromone that attracts honey bees . it comes in a tube and you just put a small amount of the paste around the area where you want pollination , and they are drawn to it .
missing 3 year old girl found in missouri cornfield with dog by her side
san antonio church gives $75 , 000 worth of gift cards to federal airport workers .
we don ' t want to repress " : police in honduras refuse orders to stamp out pro democracy protests " we are tired . and our job is to give peace &amp; security to the honduran people , not repress them . we want all hondurans to be safe .
church takes in muslim community after center burned by arsonist
numark donates house to help veterans
kindhearted stranger saves homeless young couple from freezing to death by building them a mobile home
[in new zealand] focus on four well beings recognises importance of arts and culture to communities
university of montana student gets $245k settlement over false rape allegation
belgium will organize a conference in march together with the netherlands , denmark and sweden called ' she decides ' to support ngo ' s that fight for women ' s rights , family planning and sexual health all over the world . ( link is in dutch )
irish violinist whose addiction left him homeless on the other side of the world celebrates 10 years of sobriety on st patrick ' s day
down syndrome girl shows her father her view of life through an emotional photo project
this local portland man creates wooden cutouts of memes and hides them around town for folks to find .
firefighters rescue 3 baby sea turtles from storm drain
dog says final goodbye to owner on hospital bed
guitar rao and his rupee a day roving music lessons in delhi
hacker group creates $30 diy epipen to expose corporate greed and save lives
kind stranger pays for couples shopping
chance the rapper donated over $2 million to chicago public schools . working with 20 principals and his non profit socialworks , he helped the schools gain $100 , 000 over 3 years . his net worth is only $9 million .
a ' perfect ' ending for four kansas siblings seeking adoption brings judge to tears
you are not dying on me " : man saves stranger ' s life after he couldn ' t save his brother ' s
man drives 2 hours to help search for missing 3 year old girl , finds her and returns her safely
four houston schools receive 27 , 000 books to restock libraries damaged by harvey
sarah silverman responds to troll by befriending him and paying for his medical treatment
officer ' saved lives ' by shooting ex student who opened fire at illinois high school , chief says
in india , a new carbon capture scheme turns co2 into baking soda
apple will give $2 million for charlottesville . here ' s how much tim cook has donated to human rights
strangers come together to help mother get her life back on track
protester getting his bong back
corona founder dies , makes his entire village millionaires
terry crews speaks out in support of brendan fraser: " brendan is amazingly courageous in telling this . his assault experience is extremely similar to mine ending with the assailant explaining away his actions . one mans ' horseplay ' is another mans humiliation .
georgia launches nation wide campaign to end human sex trafficking
good samaritans rescue denver couple ' s dog from snowy cliff
amazing expressions of dogs attempting to capture rewards in mid air
deaths related to air pollution in the united states shrank by 47% between 1990 and 2010 , from 135 , 000 per year to 71 , 000 , according to new research published in the journal atmospheric chemistry and physics .
young girl receives doll with prosthetic leg that matches her own | americas | news
many acts of kindness and courage followed toronto rampage
paul manafort arrives to jail
deputy uses narcan to save k 9 exposed to heroin
stump kitchen: edmonton woman cooks with big heart and 1 hand the online cooking series is all about heartfelt hilarity
texas governor signs bill to protect patients from surprise medical bills
the riding assist " self balancing motorcycle by honda : now your feet will never touch the ground
benedict cumberbatch saves cyclist from muggers
officers rescue fox tangled in soccer net
teen pregnancy in america down 46% since 2007
british muslims donate blood under imam hussain blood donation campaign
hawaii start up recognized by nasa for life saving medical breakthrough
middle tennessee kindergartners sign happy birthday song to custodian who is deaf
hero award for kununurra ranger who helped save three year old boy ' s life
stealth trolling is turning some of reddits worst corners into funny , harmless delights
colgate redesigned the toothpaste tube so its actually recyclable
how australia ' s compulsory voting saved it from trumpism
podiatry experts from la trobe university in melbourne have designed a shoe that could help reduce falls among the elderl
a girl named ehlena and a dog named wonder win at u . s . supreme court
australian vietnamese community knows what it ' s like to be a refugee . that ' s why they ' re still helping others .
rescuers search tirelessly to find sherlock the dog after car accident during snow storm
pancreatic cell transplant program offers new hope to some cf patients
imams &amp; rabbis ride through berlin
nancy grace leaving headline news
chicago police officers escort fatherless girls to ' daddy daughter dance '
an eagle is perilously close to death . what would you do ?
gladewater , tx pd swears in 6 year old with chronic disease
new app let ' s you call on nearby fellow citizens rather than government emergency services
delhi gurudwaras to give saplings as free prasad ( traditional devotional offering ) to encourage people to plant more trees
' see you in heaven ' : before being rescued , trapped couple said final goodbyes as fire raged around them
italy bans unvaccinated children from school
alabama man keeps ' making a difference , one lawn at a time '
manchester crowd sings " don ' t look back in anger " after one minute silence for victims of the attacks .
come on here " : how hero refugee , 48 , chased away new zealand gunman
how one boy has helped save over a thousand shelter dogs
scientists accidentally discover efficient process to turn co2 into ethanol
basque country gained 223 , 000 new speakers thanks to new basque youth
this 12 year old is a college freshman at cornell university
veterans dog training program gets more than $13k grant
facebook saves dog left outside on toronto condo balcony in frigid temperatures
rei tops $1 million to ' rewild ' 5 major us cities
school seeing success after opening sensory room for students with special needs
eu passes regulation forcing member states to identify the source of imported minerals , in order to prevent financing armed groups in civil or international conflicts
brazilian police foil million dollar fraud to export precious wood to china: two chinese entrepreneurs paid millions of dollars to a brazilian company that bribed environment officials of an amazon state to illegally export precious hardwoods to china .
nigerian parents reunite with 21 girls freed by boko haram
after $10 , 000 in donations , all of austin isd ' s school lunch debt is paid off
student saves choking teacher
82 year old retired man finds a new calling , builds a dog train for foster dogs
a south florida couple marked their 23rd wedding anniversary by undergoing a live kidney transplant
esther the not so micro pig inspires couple to go vegan and open animal sanctuary
vet donates services to rescued dogs
barber in australia cuts autistic boy ' s hair after trying for years; trains her staff to do the same
swedish miracle baby born thanks to rare medical surgery
baby giraffe at seattle zoo gets therapeutic shoes
israel to launch a rocket to the moon on february 21st .
golden retriever escapes from home , shows up a mile away at doggy daycare
14 year old shooting rampage survivor heads home after being critically wounded from a shot to the head 2 months ago
kamala harris and aoc push climate equity act to protect low income communities
india declares itself free from avian influenza ( h5n1 )
acid attack survivor who was blinded when she was doused by scorned admirer , has found love with a man she met while recovering in hospital .
landmark government bill in turkey proposes animals are not property
good samaritan returns beloved stolen antique sousaphone to owner
high school journalists setting a national example
chattanoogans jump in to help woman they say appeared to be dumped during an overdose
a legally blind denver teen who was being bullied threatened suicide . two cops stepped in and became his friends ten denver police officers received pins from citizens appreciate police
buddy ' s bucket list: terminally ill blue heeler living life to the fullest in his last days
breaking news yoyo club is started ladies night on wednesday | andheri west mumbai |yoyo the night club hotline : +91 9769061841 #yoyoclub #andheri #fridaynight #bestnightclubinmumbai #nightlife #nightclub #happynewyear #ladiesnight #fridayladiesnight #mumbai
trucks line up to help stop suicide attempt on michigan freeway
e nable fast tracked an open source research &amp; development model to give kids free prosthetics faster
two bystanders help save man ' s life after allergic reaction on a kayak trip
theresa may will commit uk to eliminating all avoidable plastic waste by 2042 as she launches governments environmental plan for next 25 years . . . waste such as carrier bags , food packaging and disposable plastic straws that litter country and pollute seas would be abolished .
australian ' egg boy ' gives $69 , 000 to families of new zealand shooting victims
a doctor ' s car broke down on his way to perform heart surgery . in east st . louis , he got a big lift .
khanh huynh recently saved lives of two americans and helped rescue five others after fishing vessel he was working on sank hundreds of miles off hawaiis big island . but huynh isnt the captain . he works 12 to 20 hour days for less than $10 , 000 a year in one of most dangerous occupations .
child sexual abuse drops from 20% to 10%
father &amp; son co pilot first flight together
teen ' s food pantry combats hunger in edgecombe county
the puppy that was found with his muzzle duct taped shut received surgery today in chicago and is expected to make a full recovery !
dog helps care for tiger cubs after they are ignored by mother
debt for dolphins: seychelles create huge new marine parks in world first finance scheme . an innovative exchange of sovereign debt for marine conservation , backed by the likes of leonardo dicaprio , could pave the way to saving large swaths of the worlds oceans .
jennifer lopez donates $1m to hurricane relief effort in puerto rico
we asked kids age 2 12 what they want the future to look like
boy who inspired early christmas died with ' most beautiful smile on his face '
children ' s hospital and medical center employees dress up as super heroes
emotional reunion after cat tracks down prior owner to new home at retirement village and nobody can figure out how she did it
dog rescued from 30 foot hole at old nuclear power plant
stunning turnaround by a formerly addicted mom whose baby was adopted by a police officer
90 year old marine reunited with his world war ii rifle
man who aided disoriented patient says " she ' s doing a lot better
seven year old girl shows friends her new prosthetic leg for first time and their reaction is beautiful
kamloops , b . c . team sews menstrual pads for developing countries . ' we have to make a difference . it ' s just unforgivable that girls should be in that position '
dozens of goats chow down in idaho neighborhood
alibaba ' s jack ma ' to step down and focus on philanthropy '
more than 170 , 000 people in the uk who were diagnosed with cancer up to 40 years ago are still alive
schoolboy wins humanity award after learning sign language to help deaf classmate
man saves over 20 , 000 animals with custom made prosthetics
astronomers discover unexpected rings around mercury
comcast rep saves life of customer having stroke on phone
almost half of the european unions 28 member states have already hit , or are close to hitting , their 2020 renewable energy targets .
n . y . teen loses car downtown toronto after metallica concert . canadian couple decide to help look for it 4 days later and found it for him . " they were relying on us " they said
alameda county dispatchers stop facebook live suicide in new york
dogs have historically been a symbol of a ' paws ' in hostilities between north and south korea so pyongyang has sent two pups to south korean president moon jae in as a token of friendship
people of color win majority of acting oscars for the first time in history
a man find a $24 million lottery ticket in his old coat pocket just two days before it expires !
swedish woman becomes friends with her nigerian scammer , puts him through college , and begins an arts non profit in africa
standing up straight could help symptoms of depression study
from fox 5 atlanta : max becomes service dog for woman with epilepsy
messaging app telegram moves to protect identity of hong kong protesters
story of hachiko called the world ' s most loyal dog
my friend ' s dad is riding his bike coast to coast to raise 1 million dollars for adoption
10 month old puppy goes overboard on lake michigan . swims over six miles and walks 12 more to find family .
man gets to keep $15 , 200 he found on upper darby street
when a muslim man with white beard gets mistaken for santa claus by a little boy , he gives the boy a gift and continues visiting the family to leave a little gift as " santa " for four years running .
6 of the creepiest vacation spots on the globe
flamin ' hot cheetos origin story !
chalk one up for the human race .
kitten survives 40 mile journey trapped under bonnet of neighbour ' s car | uk news
north port police find kindness , pay it forward
researchers from indian institute of technology have developed a new nanomaterial that could replace potentially harmful materials found in diapers and sanitary products and improve womens health , particularly in developing countries
microsofts xbox adaptive controller has packaging that gamers with disabilities can open without their teeth
jaguar won ' t be euthanized after zoo attack on selfie taking arizona woman , officials say
people told mahdi the magician his body would make his dreams impossible but he refused to quit
more than 170k people sign petition to honor houston ' s ' mattress mack ' who offered harvey survivors a safe place to stay
panda express is sending cash , sat phones and supplies to its workers in puerto rico , and offering to relocate them to the states
after 5 months of being stranded at sea , 2 women and their dogs are rescued by the u . s . navy after heading 5 , 000 miles off course and out of distress range
marijuana pepsi fends off the jokes to earn her phd
man stopped by ice uses " know your rights " training , prevents immigrants ' arrest
' this is one thing i can do ' : inside one of the las vegas blood donation centres where ordinary people are saving lives
australian builds homemade hovercraft
this little boy goes fishing with a toy rod , but then he gets a huge surprise !
company finds 10+ year old plastic cup mold in chinese factory to help boy with severe autism have a cup he can use
vet calms a crying puppy after surgery
decades after it went missing , nigerian masterpiece is found in london apartment
hospital worker fired for ' stealing ' 4 sandwich reinstated bbc news
elementary school teacher losing her eyesight shows there can be grace and humor in difficult moments .
man plunges into halifax harbour to rescue drowning bird
construction workers rescue massive trapped bear
from barely surviving to thriving: ontario basic income recipients report less stress , better health . the three year pilot project , which began last summer , is testing whether no strings attached cash support can boost health , education and housing for people living in poverty .
an 81 year old man has ' retired ' after 1 , 173 blood donations that saved 2 . 4 million babies
b . c . puts immediate ban on hunting grizzly bears: environment minister george heyman says some studies suggest bear sightseeing could have a much greater economic impact than hunting .
young iranian cleric saves animals lives
murfreesboro , tn pizza manager ' s kind gesture goes viral
ordinary citizens have helped in the crime decline rate over the past 25 years
furry suited ' zebra ' simulates zoo rampage in japan
cool story about how the internet made this guys dreams come true~
federal appeals court rules against trump administration effort to end daca program
turning the frown upside down: ' grumpy dog ' finds loving home after his adorable photos go viral
newlywed bride is perfect match to donate kidney to her groom and they renew vows on top of the empire state building
muslims turn other cheek , forgive mosque shooter
cuban exiles pour onto miami streets to celebrate fidel castros death
new york city has banned plastic foam containers
in world first , hiv positive woman donates kidney to hiv positive recipient
when a case of the flu turns deadly , a last ditch treatment saves a girl named sage
canada pledges water bombers , $15m to fight amazon wildfires
a trillion trees restoring forests could capture two thirds of the carbon humans have added to the atmosphere
the top successes and developments of humanitarian aid in libya
michigan high schooler with down syndrome surprises terminally ill mother and scores a touchdown for his football team
last week i broke a world record while raising money for the gulf coast children ' s advocacy center . a place that helps abused children
spacex successfully re launches an orbital falcon 9 rocket for the first time , and retrieves it too ! historic first
saudi arabia has put a woman in a top government position for the first time
rhino poaching falls by a quarter in south africa .
former servant/gardener in one of the poorest countries in the world ( malawi ) now a multimillionaire welding contractor with international clients . he has started to give back to the community by providing apprenticeships .
swedish parents pay just a tenth of childcare costs , so more women can have careers
in 10 years , this organisation has planted 3 . 9 million trees &amp; lets you plant a tree to honour your dear one
in toronto , canada , constable niran jeyanesan got called to a walmart to arrest a shoplifter who attempted to steal clothes for a job interview . niran paid for his clothes and the man found a job .
same sex marriage has been legalised in australia
kyoto animation worldwide donations have hit 1 . 251 billion yen .
amazing amature runner from japan who just won the boston marathon
ubc okanagan student earns md and phd at the same time
ammoniaa renewable fuel made from sun , air , and watercould power the globe without carbon
children ' s joy at seeing dolls like them
lung cancer patient says she ' s now in remission thanks to cuban vaccine
australian researchers find antidote to worlds most venomous creature .
verizon donates a jaw dropping $10 million for hurricane harvey disaster relief
36 , 000 american manufacturing jobs created in august , manufacting index rises to 59% , highest in 6 years
vancouver receives $300 , 000 donation for new homeless day center
lululemon athletica inc . on thursday will donate 100 percent of profits 16 percent of sales from in store and online to benefit nonprofit groups that increase access to yoga and meditation for communities that face barriers to well being .
mom who attended every class with quadriplegic son earns honorary mba alongside him
san jose high football coach: no arms , no legs , no problem
two star wars fans pay tribute to john williams on his lawn and get huge surprise
veteran and service dog is reunited after family car got stolen . the service dog is trained to sense oncoming seizures and migraine headaches . maybe in the future things will be more peaceful and service dog skills can be augmented .
' worst day ' tweet harrogate bookshop gets ' amazing ' response
how one man singlehandedly repopulated a rare butterfly species in his backyard
donation lets veterans charity recoup equipment stolen from vandalized suv
the high school graduation rate is now nearly 100 percent , and some property values have quadrupled . the crime rate has been cut in half " millionaire adopts a town in florida , pays for daycare and college scholarships
this device translates text to braille in real time .
12 year old boy wakes from coma , back home after school hallway beating
former royal marine selling medals to help fund young girls cancer battle even though theyve never met .
dire funding situation leaves tories struggling for party hq rent
french interior minister: paris hostages freed , suspect arrested
kind texas cop buys groceries for man whose were stolen when he fainted outside
make a wish australia fulfils sick boys dream of ' blowing stuff up '
india supplied over two thirds of aids medication globally over the last two decades , bringing the treatment cost down from $414 per person per year to $74 per person per year which also supported the number of infected people getting treatment increasing over five fold during the last decade .
oakland homeseller donating $100 , 000 from sale to help brazilian amazon tribe
armless beauty vlogger a social media hit in thailand
community rallies around beloved man who worked for walmart nearly 20 years but was fired for giving " too many hugs " and " excessive price matching
' depressed ' dog that stared at wall after rejection rescued
origami style cardboard tents for homeless in brussels
my father has been manufacturing shoes for the biggest luxury brands for almost 40 years , i convinced him to design his own line . at 71 .
schoolgirl can be bridesmaid at parents ' wedding after leukaemia
220 baby squirrels fell from va . trees in high winds . now theyre being rehabilitated .
woman who cant walk teams up with blind man for hikes
justin trudeau sets date for formal apology to lgbt community for government persecution: trudeau tweeted that the government will make a formal apology for the persecution &amp; injustices they have suffered .
uk forces 9 , 000 firms to publish salary data in bid to close wage gap
fortnite creator is buying entire forests to prevent them from being chopped down
india ' s moon mission chandrayaan 2 lifts off , hopes to probe lunar south pole
willis wine bar is gone , but the starks keep feeding santa rosa and sonoma
kid cartoonist pushes scholastic art contest to reconsider its copyright policy
woman reunited with dog weeks after a deadly crash in colorado
' i thought i was done for ' : british photographer tells how he clung to a tree for 12 hours after being electrocuted in houston flood waters
man spends day handing out $2 bills on street corner
yuko fujii , the judo coach overthrowing gender stereotypes
cat rescued after fleeing into zoo ' s wolf enclosure
customers buy out doughnut shop early every day so owner can be with ailing wife
local dentist offers free dental work to uninsured
saving lives one cup at a time
germany considers making public transport free to fight air pollution
a utah lawmaker plans to introduce legislation requiring clergy members to report confessions of child sexual abuse to law enforcement , something not currently required under state law .
russian orthodox priests hug cats for new 2016 calendar
these companies give staff paid time off when they get a new puppy
moderates and reformists win control of iran ' s parliament in elections , giving them a working majority for the first time in a decade
pakistan leads the charge in fighting violence against women south asia ' s first violence against women center
85 year old navy vet takes up tap dancing
tenn . governor seeks free community college for all adults
tennessee man wrongfully imprisoned for 31 years gets $1 million cnn
australian mp proposes during same sex marriage debate in house of representatives
4 year old boy survives internal decapitation after good samaritan held his head perfectly still until paramedics could arrive . ( xpost /r/news )
what happened when new zealand got rid of government subsidies for farmers
sioux falls surgical physicians donates land to dakotabilities
santa rosa contractor builds tiny homes for sonoma county fire victims
art collector sells a lichtenstein for $165 million to fund criminal justice reform
prison cat fostering program in ohio may help inmates more than their feline guests
chick fil a employee praised after helping feed disabled customer: ' may god bless this woman '
donors pledge over $8 billion in vital aid for syrians affected by the war
plastic waste turned into clothes , to save our oceans
four new gray wolf packs recorded in wa after species was nearly exterminated last century; total of 90 wolves in state
austin duck boats helping with houston harvey relief
elephant who lost leg in land mine blast gets new prosthetic limb
the tiny swiss village that wants to become a hotel " an amazing village with an amazing story
underdog team wins millions in competition to make real life tricorder family based teams design beat out tough competition for star trek inspired win .
dog rescued from louisiana flood reunites with owner
girl born without eyes or nose receives surgery to have a real nose
' more than just a meal ' : meet the people who make brisbane ' s meals on wheels go round
canada to oppose alaska oil drilling on caribou habitat: minister . canada supports the continued conservation of the porcupine caribou herds habitat , including in the arctic refuge , and opposes opening this area to resource development , said global affairs canada spokesperson .
polk county , ga inmates save deputy who passed out during work detail
lax airport to allow marijuana in carry ons
the day we hired a blind coder
four major automakers opt to reject trump ' s new rules that would loosen obama era regulations , instead align with california ' s emissions plan
8 year old boy raises money to buy his bestie a new wheelchair
it ' s a boy ! janet jackson , 50 , welcomes 1st child
young subscribers flock to old media
how a single act of honesty changed the life of this homeless drug addict
georgia couple married for 71 years die exactly 12 hours apart
at tehran symphony , music lovers seek escape from reality
photo at magic kingdom helps man find lifesaving kidney donor
airport honors service dog with retirement party after 5 years on the job
new research says us states that legalised marijuana have experienced a remarkable decline in serious injury from domestic violence .
detroit youth choir gets golden buzzer on americas got talent and brings terry crews to tears . wait til you see these kids
saudi arabia holds first ever women ' s day event with " no attempts to stop the event by any party
the incredibly unknown story of gino bartali , the cycling champion who helped jews escape the nazis
airport shooting survivor shielded stranger from gunfire
' robin hood ' cafe in madrid is charging rich customers to give to the poor
terrier angel finally finds forever home after seven years in an animal shelter
we find no relationship between immigration and terrorism , whether measured by the number of attacks or victims , in destination countries . . . these results hold for immigrants from both muslim majority and conflict torn countries of origin .
five big environmental wins in 2016
chicago girl , 6 , gives up her birthday party to give back to the homeless
homeless person returns wallet and cash to 96 year old edmonton man
lauren underwood becomes the youngest black woman to serve in congress
peace corps sees surge in applications
man cut in half: donate my organs; eyes harvested , await recipients
china makes arrests , shuts down rogue chemical factories that spewed banned ozone depleting gas
dentist saves 5 year old girl by finding tumor during routine cleaning
in 2000 , trachoma threatened 2 . 8 million people in ghana ( 15% of the population ) with blindness . it is now the first country in sub saharan africa to eliminate the disease .
this trio of eagles 1 female and 2 males are raising a family together | cbc radio
' we teach , we vote ! ' : 10 , 000 teachers rise up against republican legislature in deep red south carolina
suicide surivor uses ' second chance ' to shine light on mental health
michigan deputy pays for gas with own money for stranded family , " my job is it make sure youre safe ,
joyous photos of pregnant bethany hamilton teaching her son to surf
an afghan girl who arrived in britain speaking no english is about to graduate with a first class law degree . " when youve dreamed of doing something for so long , even if it seems impossible , the thought revisits you again and again .
blind japanese boy sends nintendo heartwarming thank you letter , gets amazing response
meet the 101 year old snow shoveler
3 year old survives 4 days by himself after a car accident , leads authorities to ravine where 1 year old brother is also alive and strapped in his car seat
refugee olympians: ten athletes representing 60 million people
81 year old woman meets her 103 year old mother for the first time
good doggo
orphan gets the gift of a new smile
alaska airlines removes passenger from flight for catcalling stewardess during safety demonstration
dartmouth hitchcock ' s prouty raises record $3 . 3 million for cancer research
a kentucky domestic violence shelter helps women grow foodand confidence
travelers banned by immigration order may now board for boston , airline says
man pays for elderly woman ' s supermarket shopping after her card was declined
the un celebrity president: jimmy carter shuns riches , lives modestly in his georgia hometown
inmates bust out of texas jail to save guard having a heart attack
she had never seen the ocean . now , with her grandson , she ' s seen 29 national parks .
best friends for 60 years discover they are brothers
abducted woman , 94 , frees herself from car trunk after hours
n . j . author uses profits to buy k 9 police vests , oxygen masks
moose falls through ice and drowns , but watch what this smart brave woman does to rescue it . . .
a commission of united nations exposed the myanmar army ' s war crimes against humanity
in 2016 , extreme poverty decreases significantly worldwide
atlanta 14 year old becomes youngest student ever admitted to spelman college
indian leopard rescue photo wins award
where are all the bob ross paintings ? we found them .
new yorkers work together to erase nazi graffiti on subway
[uplifiting news] you won ' t believe how cryptocurrency is solving poverty in nairobi kenya . tomatoes are now being traded on the blockchain by using sms .
from the streets to the halls of justice: former foster child , teen mom overcomes adversity to graduate from ubc law school
abortion medication: americas first generic abortion pill , explained
wrong number leads to wonderful friendship
meet the most generous people in the world
unicef: child marriage figures show significant drop in india the new indian express
bride ' s dying dog sees his person down the aisle
elementary students in louisiana city grow , create meal for entire parish school system
man saves over 20 , 000 animals with custom made prosthetics
mother of 8 uses own money to purchase meals for homeless
meet the 68 year old 10th grader who knows a thing or two about never giving up . because unlike most 10th grade students , durga kami is a 68 year old grandfather .
japanese firm gives non smokers extra six days holiday to compensate for cigarette breaks
more than 300 former child soldiers in south sudan have been returned to regular society after spending time in a un rehabilitation program meant to help children who were conscripted into militant groups to reintegrate .
mesh drains in australia preventing water bodies pollution retained 815 pounds of garbage for recycling in the first 6 months of use .
tesla starts shipping powerpacks to puerto rico
this teenager discovered a new planet on his third day at work
after a year in the hospital , an 11 hour surgery , formerly conjoined twins are coming home
busta rhymes just dedicated his life to stop filling prisons with non violent people
norwegian 338 squadron sends a f 16 with medical equipment to save a patient in a hospital in troms ( north norway ) .
acts of kindness that helped the people of nepal survive the earthquake
mitch seavey becomes oldest , fastest musher to win iditarod
indian govt passes bill for paid maternity leave for 6 months .
iraqi heroine single handedly saved hundreds of ancient artifacts from destruction
down syndrome toddler targeted by heartless online trolls now newest face of bonds clothing
us clean energy jobs grew 3 . 6 percent in 2018 , outnumber fossil fuel jobs 3 to 1
the great african regreening: millions of ' magical ' new trees bring renewal
60 year old single dad on raising 7 adopted kids: love happens
elephants retire from show business
ethiopia breaks world record , plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
muslims go to catholic mass in france , italy for solidarity
manufacturing company offers rehabilitation rather than termination for employees who fail drug screens .
acidity in atmosphere minimised to preindustrial levels
new ebola vaccine shows 100% protection against virus .
this one armed basketball player is dunking on the competition
4 year old boy walks again after being internally decapitated in a car accident , thanks to another driver holding him steady for 30 minutes .
$500 , 000 donation to fund new alzheimers center
starbucks announces 100 percent gender , racial pay equity for u . s partners , sets global commitment
wife denied water , dalit digs up a well for her in 40 days times of india
senate committee oks bill to give texas teachers a $5 , 000 raise
vienna ' s metro hands out 14 , 000 deodorants to passengers amid stifling summer heatwave
the federal fisheries minister has imposed new measures aimed at protecting north atlantic right whales from entanglement with fishing gear . protecting canadas endangered whales from further harm is a responsibility that weighs heavily on all of us .
an anonymous donor bought every toy at goodwill and gave them all to kids
with the help of reddit , a man raised $26 , 000 to take care of stray and feral cats .
whitley ' s long journey home: how a once suicidal iowa woman finally found her family through adoption
the italian government is giving teens 500 on their 18th birthday to spend on books
austin familys doorbell camera catches touching moment between ups driver , dog
86 year old georgia man raises $400 , 000 from recycling , then gives it away to those less fortunate
kenyan woman ' s crappy photoshopped pictures make her a web celebrity
ed sheeran donates guitar to terminally ill 11 year old girl melody whose parents face 50k legal fight
rainforest trust march 2019: colombias el paujil reserve expanded by 1178 acres as part of efforts in the magdalena river valley
bangladesh ' s ' tree man ' has his hands back
indian tycoon gives fatherless brides a mass wedding
kanye west ' s voice failed him during a show in la and he had to stop just 10 minutes before the show ended . he has just announced a free make up show for everybody who was there and he is giving away tickets to inner city school kids .
city in england has finally achieved its goal of becoming the world ' s first sustainable palm oil city
a new way to grow crops in marginal soils could help feed the world: the discovery of an eco friendly form of genetic engineering for plants has the potential to open up more farmland for food production .
coles introduce ' quiet hour ' for shoppers with autism
prisoners revive debate team ( malcolm x was once a member ) and defeat college students
this golden retriever is a quadruple amputee and , now , a therapy dog
deputy shows amazing love to a homeless man on the verge of suicide , giving him his personal bible .
known as the czar of the indian it industry , azim premji , contributes $20 . 8 billion to philanthropy , which includes 67% of economic ownership of his company , wipro .
uk ' had greenest year for electricity '
nonverbal child begins speaking for the first time after riding ' therapy horse '
8 year old arson survivor ' s christmas wish: christmas cards .
cats , separated at petaluma shelter , reunited when owners start dating
rare philippine eagle chick born in captivity bbc news
india will surpass paris agreement pledges with renewable energy investment
volunteer pilots heroically rush to save animals trapped by louisiana flooding
after peta pressure , cincinnati hospital won ' t use live cats for breathing tube training
u . s . based nonprofit group , givedirectly , gives a basic income to villagers in eastern africa , particularly kenya and uganda , then studies its effects
england plan 120 mile coast to coast new northern forest
world bank will stop financing gas and oil projects in 2019
volunteers in singapore join forces to knit warm clothing for poor thai children
in 5 years lab grown organs could start helping 115 , 000 in the us waiting for organs
blind dog who cried alone in his kennel gets the new start he always dreamed of
for suffolk cop , tale of lost wedding band has familiar ring
australia is set to ban non recyclable packaging by 2025
teachers helping teachers: a new movement
the afghan boy who wore a plastic bag as a soccer jersey will meet lionel messi
a 45 year old man shared an emotional reaction to putting on a bandage in his skin tone for the first time
college students raise more than $70 , 000 for philando castile lunch debt fund
world ' s smallest baby boy with birth weight of 268 grams returns home healthy: japanese university
air purifying plants are so good nasa used them in the space station
a romanian man was surprised to find 95 , 000 euros ( $107 , 000 ) stashed inside a secondhand cupboard hed bought and promptly returned the money .
rice grown in desert , using seawater with over double the global average yields
17 year old girl with muscular dystrophy crosses finish line at miami marathon after walking final mile
meet jessie: a college student who stopped letting her past experiences get in the way of living a healthy lifestyle . still hates the word ' hustle ' though . . .
after losing her dad to suicide , woman uses a billboard to spread hope: " he was the first person who taught me how to make beauty out of hard things
ecosia takes radical steps to support climate activism
former homeless man tweets tale from sleeping rough to being published
the european unions executive is poised to propose spending 25 percent of funds available in next eu multiannual budget on activities related to climate protection , making sure new economic and political challenges dont weaken the blocs resolve to fight pollution .
12 year old boy designs bow ties to help homeless pets get adopted
5 year old youngest person in history to qualify for scripps national spelling bee
wild wolves continue to spread westwards across europe spotted in germany
kazakhstan prisoner refuses early parole so he can stay and captain prison football team
bob and nancy know what true love sounds like
sgt . kazuo kaneshiro , a member of the hawaii army national guard , surprised his eight year old daughter today when he showed up at her may day performance at maemae elementary school .
after blair walsh missed his 27 yard field goal which ended the vikings season , a first grade class sent him cards of encouragement . today blair visited the class to say thank you .
judge refuses to jail people just for failure to pay fines , promotes community service as an alternative
south african high school ' s video campaign hopes to raise funds for physically challenged learners . help made by all the students in the school .
the worlds oldest barber is 107 and still cutting hair full time
bee sting allergy won ' t stop young explorer from national geographic trip
michigan powerlifter heroically lifts vehicle pinned on top of man after accident
man kills 3 year old child before committing suicide
a shocking overdose photo exposed her addiction and may have saved her life
the most canadian car thief ever returns stolen vehicle with full tank of gas
u . s . ww2 veteran returns flag to family of fallen japanese soldier
delhis plastic ban: authorities seize 8 , 000 kilos of plastic bags in two weeks
the biggest supermoon in nearly 70 years will light up the night sky this month
foo fighters dave grohl lets 10 year old kid play metallica onstage , then gifts the kid his guitar
rescuing borneo ' s threatened orangutans
volunteer firefighter honored for saving stranger ' s life
u . s . coast guard rescues turtle tangled in $53 million of cocaine
teen gets nearly $5 million in scholarships , hopes to become a nicu nurse , is awesome
tennessee couple married for 64 years die spending final moments holding hands
local restaurants band together to reopen closed hot dog joint for one week to pay medical expenses for the owner who was diagnosed with a brain tumor winston salem , nc
texas boy thought to be nonverbal can speak after dentist discovers he ' s ' tongue tied '
minnesota man attends 1500 high school grad parties
106 year old woman ' s wish granted when she gets to meet the obamas
lions club helps home grown homelessness charity feed even more of darwin ' s needy
the women who fought to ban alcohol
determined trabuco hills runner michelle cross can ' t be slowed by cerebral palsy
this abandoned piglet ' s addiction to rice pudding has saved his life
adorable 3 month old baby imitates dads hello
72 year old american godsend woman gave him charity
more young people are watching planet earth 2 than the x factor
indian fishermen in mission to save threatened turtle species: fishing communities in odisha protect this threatened species as they return to nest , a unique ritual for both turtles and their custodians .
wallingford volunteers move on to careers helping those with special needs
stranger buys nearly $200 in groceries for mother who forgets wallet
[x post from /r/nfl] houston texans star jj watt has ended his hurricane harvey fund . he raised $35 , 882 , 489 179 times his original goal from 209 , 405 donors
twins separated at birth meet for the first time
' bone eaters ' are back: europe ' s largest vultures return to french alps
researchers use drone to pollinate flower @cnni
lady who went from $2m in debt to $400k a year .
cat rescued from rubble 16 days after italy quake bbc news
bulgarians rescue dozens of freezing storks grounded by cold temperatures
[article] sharpening the saw: why productive people always have time for exercise
newfoundland calendar of burly mermaid men raises $300 , 000 for mental health: last year , around 30 burly guys donned sparkly mermaid tails to pose as merbysa portmanteau of mermaid and by , a newfoundland term meaning boy or buddy .
missing northern california mother found safe
new population of rare tigers found in eastern thailand
this group of friends created a backpack to help their friend kevan live out his dream of backpacking across europe . ( xpost r/videos )
' a real miracle on 34th street ' : internet goes nuts over heartwarming moment kind santa uses sign language to ask girl with hearing problems what she wants for christmas
joyful end for dad ' s sippy cup search
meet this amazing 11 year old nigerian artist who specializes in hyper realistic pencil drawings
sc police officer adopts kitten after interstate rescue
baby found alive after block of flats explosion
corona beer to replace plastic packaging with biodegradable alternative
elderly couple gives away $10 . 5 million of land to build 50 homes for struggling families
a 13 year old boy with terminal cancer donates the money supplied to him from the make a wish foundation to children in haiti
dog detectives find missing dog and his new friend
the planet now has more trees than it did 35 years ago
huddersfield students create prosthetic hand for 10 year old girl , throw surprise party to present it
firefighter leaves his own wedding to help fight nearby house fire .
a 6th grade teacher wrote ' invite me to your harvard graduation ! ' 21 years later , the student did just that
martin shkreli is auctioning off a chance to hit him in the face | vice | united states
watch: extraordinary helicopter rescue in the french alps
dad transforms son ' s wheelchair into ecto 1 from ' ghostbusters '
homeless benefit from seniors ' project to upcycle grocery bags
pair of orphaned moose calves rescued in canada
a student project becomes a city plan to help homeless
police dog in my hometown making a recovery after taking 3 stab wounds to the neck while subduing suspect
irish father and daughter survive plane crash after ' complete engine failure '
man talks about living his entire life with no power or running water and now community is building him a good house .
rescued bear , lion and tiger " brothers " refuse to be separated after 15 years together
program combats ageism by having students live with seniors
fairlight_excalibur and his community raise 7 . 5k to donate to a pizza delivery driver on xmas eve .
mike pence ' s new neighbors are decorating homes with rainbow flags to troll his anti gay views
four easy and free ways to do good this holiday season
queensland frog run over by lawnmower hops on plane for recovery
former england rugby captain mike tindall finally had his broken nose straightened out after operation . former bath and gloucester centre broke his nose at least eight times during his career and his face was cruelly mocked by teammates as " a relief map of the pennines " due to its twisted bridge .
study provides evidence thar dogs love us back .
defense secretary ash carter has ordered a stop to reclaiming reenlistment bonuses
women bikers are saving lives in nigeria by delivering free screenings for breast and cervical cancer
texas ' first transgender mayor finds ' amazing ' support in suburban mckinneya
transplanting wild microbes from healthy related plants can make a native hawaiian plant healthier and likelier to survive in wild according to new research from the amend laboratory in the university of hawaii at manoa botany department and the oahu army natural resources program ( oanrp ) .
uae bans keeping wild animals as pets
90 year old figure skater will warm your heart with her amazing talent
fda approves the first direct generic version of the epipen
guy completes movie posters by matching them with dogs
taiwan set to legalize same sex marriages , a first in asia [x post from /r/worldnews]
woman donates kidney to neighbor
us billionaire vietnamese refugee philanthropist pays it forward: ' i cannot eat three bowls of rice at one time '
free dresses , spray tans , make sure no kid misses out on formal a group of modern day fairy godmothers has found a way to dress and accessorise graduates from poorer backgrounds in canberra
bumper crop of babies this year for the kakapo , the world ' s most endangered parrot ! ( x post r/partyparrot )
group of random calgarians saved a little boys birthday party
new yorkers come together to remove swastikas inside subway car
once thought to be the last of his species , he ' s found a mate
man in china dresses as dead sister for 20 years to help grieving mother cope
three puppies found alive under avalanche hit hotel in italy , reunited with parents
plumbers return $50 , 000 gold brick found while renovating calgary bathroom
lion struggles to fight off 20 hyenas until his bro shows up to save him
the portlander who crashed 250 feet off a california cliff and survived for a week shares her rescue story: i could feel water rising over my knees
patients could soon be diagnosed with early stage arthritis several years before the onset of physical and irreversible symptoms , thanks to a new test developed by researchers at the university of warwick .
bionic legs turn ailing sheepdog into robo dog
an incredible look inside the bedrooms of young people from all over the world
thousands of ohio state university students hold dance to raise money for kids with cancer
four year old girl hikes five miles in 33c temperatures to find help for dying grandmother
24 million people now keep their money in green banks .
former marine , wife use experience of traumatic injury to help others
gov . brown signs tough net neutrality law , sets up battle with fcc , tech companies
5 year old boy saves 13 from house fire
obama talks chelsea manning , wikileaks , free press in final press conference
brave or naive ? conservative wagga surprises with climate emergency declaration | australia news
25 years later , former lion mike utley won ' t be defeated by spinal cord injury | mlive . com
chicago murder rate drops for second year in a row
clearwater sikh community donates thousands to charity after sale of temple
colorados 2017 marijuana sales reach $1 billion in just eight months
an old highscool friend used his frequent flyer miles to help a family escape syria and re unite with their father !
when a toy maker and a charity team up to help families at a major children ' s hospital , the results are just darned adorable
epa makes it official , sends $100 million to michigan for flint water crisis
teen shop worker goes above and beyond for autistic girl
dog elected as cormorant town mayor in minnesota for third term in a row
the courageous burns victim who became a firefighter: man who suffered horrific injuries aged six overcomes his fear after vowing that ' fire wouldn ' t control me '
this 20 year old is raising her five younger siblings after their parents died . the sheriff ' s office just bought her a car
opioid death rate plunges 41 percent in florida county at center of epidemic . wholistic plan involving increased use of narcan , crackdown on rogue sober homes and better community outreach credited .
america ' s top universities wanted him . how this l . a teen of modest means earned a wealth of options
hundreds offer help to ajax woman with cancer after she places kijiji ad for ' a safe place to die '
irish schoolgirl with autism won fans around the globe with cover of hallelujah
with new limits on interest , colorados payday lenders could soon close
high school senior saves coworker ' s life with skills he learned as a volunteer firefighter
texas jail guard thanks inmates who aided him during heart attack
hagrid roller coaster coming to wizarding world of harry potter
judge judy rules in seconds after an excited dog recognizes its owner
69 year old on transplant list gives up liver to stranger
muslim doctors open free clinic for uninsured patients in a ohio mosque
britney spears donates to louisiana flood recovery
stray dog wins hearts and new home after following man through 155 mile ultramarathon
police chief posthumously promotes killed officer to lieutenant during funeral
they donated 7 million meals in 18 months | a meal donated for every item sold |plastic and paper tableware
how positive media can make us better people
estonian jewry celebrates revival 75 years after nazis declared it extinct
victoria cross for animals: military dog , kuga , posthumously awarded the dickin medal for bravery .
christina aguilera releases change to benefit victims of orlando shooting
day cares get off your phone sign goes viral
homeless singers achieve their dream by singing at white house , lincoln memorial
german locals buy entire beer supply ahead of an alt right music festival
paddling for happiness: how surfing helped an army vet come to grips with his crippling injuries
first annual cars and coffee dupont toy run draws over 400 cars and thousands of toys that will be donated to children staying in the hospital over the holidays
why the present day could be the best time to be alive
canadian prime minister justin trudeau takes 20 sick young kids to private screening of star wars
texas girl back home after facing rare bacterial infection
teen wants to be sisters legal guardian after both parents die
secret nyc statue to celebrate women ' s day
at&amp;amp;t helps grieving widow retrieve treasured voicemail from husband [action news jax]
co2 emissions from energy remain flat for third year running
female afghan coders design games to fight opium and inequality
kazakh leader resigns after three decades
the john and melissa besse foundation donates $300 , 000 to area fire and rescue departments
guardian officer has saved over 200 people from jumping off the golden gate bridge
good samaritan raises over $13 , 000 so far for logan celebrity bicycle brent , after he asked for help to buy food
farm next door: how a devoted family is raising dozens of rescue animals
this silicon valley startup is handing out $5k grants to give people a shot at success
thousands of jews and muslims sing " one day " by matisyahu in perfect harmony
local company donates books to east leonard elementary
florida man reunites with pet cat lost 14 years ago
high school football team loses on purpose after opposing player ' s injury
a batch of single cell protein has been produced by using electricity and carbon dioxide in a joint study by the lappeenranta university of technology ( lut ) and vtt technical research centre of finland
a little boy with cf gets his wish to be a garbage man . sacramento shows up in force to cheer him on .
nutella are looking for tasters , and they will train you !
boy , 11 , saves up all year to surprise his teachers with a ' thank you ' dinner .
bob doles final mission greeting veterans at the national world war ii memorial
a three year old boy survived alone for 72 hours in a forest in siberia , in an area renowned for being inhabited by wolves and bears .
diddy is donating $1m ( 755 , 000 ) to a school which aims to help disadvantaged students in new york .
pack horse left for dead is rescued after spending 6 weeks in the wintry wyoming forest
tesla autopilot reportedly prevented serious injury or saved the life of a pedestrian in dc
some things you may not know about fantastic flying foxes the only true flying mammal
dog who loves santa toy meets real santa , freaks out
remember how 50cent made fun of someone with disability ? he donated 100k to autism speaks
iranian baby with heart condition doing well following trumps entry ban
couple welcomes twins after losing 2 young sons in car accident
girls ' pumpkins get stolen twice; police make up for it !
meet the grandson taking his 89 year old grandmother to all 61 national parks
flint area volunteers gather to make plastic blankets for the homeless
video: airline steps in to save dogs at canada ' s northernmost shelter
florida clothing company launches ad campaign featuring a male model with down syndrome
wildlife authorities finally intervene and begin rescuing tigers from the infamous ' tiger temple ' in thailand
american airlines employee saves two teenage girls from possible human trafficking plot .
indian technology company hires and trains high school graduates and dropouts , mostly first generation learners .
new kittens buffer against extinction of ocelots
robert downey jr visits very ill boy in scotland
this tiny , frightened child has a new guardian angel a police officer who went above and beyond
forest management company returns 50 , 000 acres of land to yurok tribe
bystanders rush to save woman from sinking car !
a boy who sent a birthday card to his dad " in heaven " received a touching letter back from the uk ' s royal mail , to say it had been delivered safely . his mother said the response has " restored my faith in humanity
for blind long jumper at paralympics , success depends on teamwork
winning: student at columbia univ . develops ' racing auditory display ( rad ) ' technology which enables the blind to play racing games on a level competitive to sighted players
syrian man smuggles toys over the border for children
group makes hundreds of quilts for needy
russell salvatore donates $300k for vans to drive veterans to va hospital
teddy bear maker , creates ' hero ' toy for 7 year old bullying victim
seniors in support of greta thunberg call themselves gretas oldiesand gather by their local grocery store every friday .
arnold schwarzenegger declares ' i ' m back ' after waking up from open heart surgery
people on subway help out man late for his interview
footballer james mcclean has paid for four rough sleepers to stay in a hotel in his hometown
sight again after 16 years
successful test of an electric truck for the supply of catering on the holiday island borkum
google reveals its playful reward for guy who briefly owned google . com " the amount google paid him $ 6 , 006 . 13 is google spelled numerically . ved decided to do another good deed by donating his reward to charity . when google found out , they matched his gift , bringing the donation to $12 , 012 . 26
man ripped off shirt to save newborn baby
dog stolen in 2016 found in drug raid , reunited with owner
t mobile to spend $500m to bring 5g to military bases , hire 10k vets in sweeping initiative
pakistani women hold ' aurat march ' for equality , gender justice
toronto teen honoured for helping lost 7 year old toronto
no one can stop cam newton from giving his touchdown ball to a panthers fan
8 year old boy spent 2 years growing his hair to make wigs for kids with cancer
long after pacific war ended , cargo pilot gets medals
solar powered plane lands in california after pacific crossing
five year old girl raises $1200 to buy new coats , winter clothes for local homeless shelter
a whole village was turned to an art gallery by a 90 year old czech grandma
georgia woman takes in ninety rescue animals and cares for them paying their vet bills and building 10 foot wide bed
ethiopia plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
blind and deaf football fan follows soccer match with unique sign language system
to all 90 ' s kids samurai jack is returning to cartoon network in 2016
how a group of teenagers convinced the utah legislature to recognize climate change
how a prison rowing machine turned a career criminal into a world record breaking triathlete
meet sue ( beast mode grandma ) : a 62 year old athlete training for the 2017 world masters cup that proves that age is just a number
commercial fisherman ditches catch to save dolphins
hiv vaccine nears clinical trial for testing on humans following new findings
manatee population has rebounded 500 percent , no longer endangered .
wales is second best household waste recycler in the world: eco friendly policies place country second to germany but england lags far behind other countries according to new research .
fund backed by leonardo dicaprio pledges $5m us to amazon amid fires .
vineyard donates portion of wine sale profits to harriet tubman underground railroad visitors center
someone hung a christmas ornament on a weed and it caught on
at 100 , india ' s 1st voter to cast vote again
near blind shelter dog gets by with the help of seeing eye collie
breastfeeding can protect children against the asthma genes effect on respiratory symptoms
auto rickshaw driver helps pregnant woman
skin cancer smackdown . advanced melonoma survival rates increased from 1% to 40% .
undie run for a good cause
50 years ago , childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia was a death sentence . today , 90% of children with the disease are cured . and with new technologies like car t and bispecific antibodies , that number is only going to improve .
liverpool fc captain henderson threw christmas parties at anfield on sunday for underprivileged &amp; disabled kids . henderson paid for the event including food and drinks &amp; got adam lallana to join him . he also gave the kids christmas presents including ipads .
couple launches new mobile shower service as community service
elderly woman , unable to speak english to her sick neighbour , helps by cooking dinner for her every single day
megan amram lands 2 emmy noms for series in which she campaigns for an emmy
family honors bus driver who looked out for son with down syndrome for 10 years
who says that 300 , 000 children deaths were prevented in india due to increased sanitation coverage ( 40% to 90% ) as part of swachh bharat mission
the uk has finally pardoned men who were convicted simply for being gay . it ' s been a long time coming but in this world i ' ll take it .
finally .
chicago bulls donate $1 million dollars to chicago a public schools
chocolate manufacturer mars promises $1b to fight climate change
women hands out flowers and candy to show appreciation for her community in memory or slain officer .
oysters on the half shell are actually saving new york ' s eroding harbor
96 year old world war ii navy veteran graduates college
dapl easement denied , but the fight ' s not over
girls insist theyre twins because they have the same birthday and the same soul '
pet owner makes geometric jewelry from concrete , donates part of profits to help animal rescues
military working dog that lost a leg in an ied blast being honored with the pdsa dickin medal
for the first time ever , the paralympic games have placed a device inside the medals that uses tiny steel balls to make a sound when shaken , allowing visually impaired athletes to identify the colour of a medal by its sounds
chainsaws for charity sculpting support
the man who shielded his girlfriend from the vegas shooter proposed , and she said yes . the wedding is this summer
americans charitable giving reached a new peak last year
silent disco fever spreads through aged care centres and helps treat dementia
freshly bronzed ' dude ' finally returns to vancouver ' s dude chilling park
charming proof laura dern kept saying pew while shooting her last jedi blaster
student ' geek squads ' maintain school devices , help teachers
villagers for veterans event benefits disabled veteran
she attached her christmas wishes to a balloon . he found it across the border in az and made them come true .
thai guy running 1 , 361 miles to raise money for hospitals .
' stateless ' soccer player trapped in thai cave who speaks five languages was key in daring rescue efforts
she was promised free college tuition at 18 . two decades later , shes getting the degree .
it ' s not very often that michael phelps gets knocked off the record board . but a 10 year old swimming phenom with a superhero name has done just that
anonymous donor pays $25k to cover rent for entire apartment complex
france decorates couple who found nazi war criminal klaus barbie
detroit based initiative which employs 20 previously homeless individuals and pays a living wage | they make a coat that transforms into a sleeping bag at night , and a bag when not in use
waiter receives a $500 tip after doing the sweetest thing for a stranger
university of kentucky offering $1 lunches after students go on hunger strike for basic needs
she didn ' t have a horse , so this new zealand teen rides her cow instead
federal court in san francisco blocks trump ' s threat against sanctuary cities
reddit helps man find pair of pants he drunkenly lost
group of strangers drive lost dog 3000km home
great grandmother becomes children ' s author aged 85
dominos pizza regular doesn ' t place his usual order , employees wonder why and end up saving his life
formerly blind , toddler sees and hears mom for the first time
johns hopkins approved for hiv positive to hiv positive organ transplants
us solar power employs more people than oil , coal and gas combined , report shows
a homeless man who used his last $20 to fill up the gas tank of a stranded new jersey motorist in philadelphia has bought a home with some of the nearly $400 , 000 raised for him by the woman he saved .
google and other tech titans pledge to help refugees
blue planet ii has the highest tv ratings of the year , beating x factor and strictly come dancing
filipino boy shielded mother cat from raging typhoon as it gave birth
mobile money has lifted 200 , 000 kenyan families out of poverty
panda fares well four years after release into wild
teen can now see colors thanks to early christmas gift
west louisville woman feeds youth football team for free
the actions of a quick thinking dog helped to stop a house fire from spreading to other properties in penzance bay in the marlborough sounds .
morrison to announce $2 billion over 10 years for climate fund
nepal ' s first female neurosurgeon talks about helping and adopting an abused baby
face of defense: marine approaches 400 hour volunteer milestone
kurzgesagt talks about how we actually beat a modern parasite
wrightwood cafe becomes blue cut fire gathering spot , helps residents and first responders
nashik teen nilay kulkarni invents footfall counting mat to prevent human stampedes
us colleges cut ties with scholarships that ban hiv positive applicants
he helped a stranger . he got a surprise the next day
the 99% get a bigger raise
gary firefighter: two rescued puppies diagnosed with parvo are now home , improving
elon musk keeps his word , pays for water filtration systems in flint schools
plane turned around for couple to visit dying grandson
instead of writing a ticket , police officer drives teen to job interview after pulling him over
a former nfl player trains war vets back from the brink
a promising study reveals new hope for an hiv cure
the people win a victory against the war on drugs
vancouver canucks first round draft pick brock boeser asked to prom by baylee bjorge , who has down syndrome . her mother deleted her twitter account , so he takes it upon himself to find the family and take her to prom
a heroic math teacher saved her students during the florida shooting by covering the classroom windows and refusing to let even the swat team in
gamer with terminal cancer achieves ' ultimate ' goal
' black lives matter ' leader wins over trump supporters: " if we really want america great , we do it together
teen paralyzed in gymnastics accident takes 1st steps in years to walk graduation stage
mom and me just the hits
family gets a letter from afghan military officer .
bullfighting fiestas: regional government rules " toro de la vega bull " will be spared , not speared | in english
man dangling by neck from colorado ski lift saved by professional slackliner
china and india are literally making earth greener
oregon militia complains on facebook that people are sending them too many dicks
army ranger , cancer survivor helps save truck driver after i 85 crash
wife of slain nypd officer gives birth to their daughter , 2 1/2 years later
in period of few days small country of 4 million people raised over $4 . 3 million for experimental treatment of 2 year old mila
florida mom praises ex boyfriend ' s parenting to show realities of co parenting
meet the great grandma who trains south africa ' s fastest man
free school meals alleviating hunger in guam
man saves kittens life ( crosspost )
that awful trump kid who tried to get an undocumented girl kicked out of america . . . has been kicked out of his college
iowa bride ditches flowers for puppies
thousands of hongkongers formed a chain across the city on the 30th anniversary of the baltic way , to raise awareness of the pro democracy movement and anti extradition law fight
same sex penguin couple welcome baby
at the age of 10 , stephanie meade would routinely write letters to muhammad ali , and ali kept responding back to her until parkinson ' s robbed him of his ability to write . in 1992 , she finally met him in person .
adrianne haslet davis , the professional ballroom dancer who lost part of her leg three years ago in the 2013 boston marathon bombings , next week will become the first bombing survivor to run the storied race .
glenn beck dismissed from ' clock boy ' defamation suit .
baby born with heart outside body ' doing well '
newborn baby stolen from hospital found alive after 18 years
r/coolguide post caught my cancer at stage 1 ! thanks for your post u/binarypeach ! ! ! ! ! ! !
[meta]
bitcoin billionaire pledges crypto billions to gates &amp; buffets giving pledge
arkansas tattoo artist offers to cover up racist , gang ink for free
police officer rewards young girls for turning in stolen cash
[kutv] joe ingles buys a young blind jazzfan a $10 , 000 special pair of glasses to help him see again .
jon stewart and his wife adopt an abused horse that was shot with 100 paintballs and lost an eye
jeff bezos donates $33 million to fund college scholarships for dreamers
farmer organizes convoy to drought stricken farmers in australia
new digital chemical screening tool could help eliminate animal testing | science
duck tale
a wary start to syrian refugees new life in kentucky
department of energy releases annual wind market reports , finding robust wind power installations and falling prices
toithis heaven for cows is run by muslims
make environmental damage a war crime , say scientists
12 year old visits madison , loses purse; returned by strangers &amp; police
mother is running boston marathon as she battles 2 different stage 4 cancers
dutchman swims for 55 hours straight and 163km to raise 3 , 5 million for the fight against cancer .
tennessee boy ' s anti bullying video goes viral , athletes , celebrities , and thousands respond
facial recognition tool helps trace 3000 missing children
scientists find rats love tickling so much that theyll search for more
eagle cam watch: first of two eaglets hatches in florida
metropolitan museum breaks attendance record with 7 million visitors
' they want to see if you ' re squishy ' : swarm of sea lions nibble on divers in stunning video
10 year old from the florida project gets a full scholarship from private college in florida
surgeons at johns hopkins university complete world ' s first penis transplant on injured afghanistan veteran
raccoon with head stuck in jar rescued from atop new jersey utility pole
stranger buys $540 in cookies so girl scouts can get out of this cold
[repost from /r/archaeology] archaeologists return to neanderthal cave as isis pushed from iraq
homeless man moves in with strangers , and now he ' s part of the family
first grade 12 class to graduate from northern b . c . first nations community ( x post r/canada )
stranded dolphin rescued from sand on new jersey beach
sidewalk chalk messages at islamic center of nashville raise community ' s post election spirits .
stolen litter reunited with mother
wisconsin boy returns to lemonade stand after being shot
99 reasons why 2016 was a good year . : )
vegans and slaughterhouse workers come together over plant based christmas dinner
oldest known bird in the world is 65 years old and a new mom
fighting climate change may be cheaper and more beneficial than we think | cbc news
this elevator is so fast youll wish for a seatbelt
how a stray puppy rescued from a trash pit became a movie star
outdoor jail , a vestige of joe arpaio ' s tenure , is closing
23 year old student who killed 100 isis militants now has a $1 million bounty on her head
off duty corrections officer saves newborn ' s life in walmart
how a chinese single mom raised her disabled son to get into harvard
total stranger surprises high school custodian with free car
drunk man saves baby birds life by paying uber to bring it to rescue center
students farewell elderly women that lived near school who waved to students every morning before she moves to an assisted living facility
cvs now selling generic epipen at 1/6th the price .
kc free transit
colombia legalises gay marriage
owner of safari west park chooses saving the animals over his own home in the california wildfires
china introduces new pro lgbt sex ed curriculum
abused kitten makes a miraculous recovery | cape times
a bride who got married in an intensive care unit has been reunited with the nurses who took care of her
woman leaves a thank you note for coffee shop staff after an ugly break up
9 year old shaves her head in support of mom who ' s battling ovarian cancer
touching story on boy scout and military father
this school district repackages uneaten cafeteria food and sends it home as frozen dinners for low income students
a lesbian couples pride flag was stolen and replaced with an american flag , so their neighbors bought and raised a pride flag on a pole .
tropical bird blown off course survives winter , thanks to nova scotia couple
college grad thanks mom who drove him to every class and took notes
n . j . boy , 8 , saves 22 month old brother from choking on quarter
dog almost euthanised for being ' too energetic ' is saving lives after hurricane harvey
beggar donates all of her savings to the families of martyrs of a terrorist attack in india
chinese miners trapped since christmas have finally been released !
local shoprite debuts autism friendly checkout in response to mom ' s petition ( /r/philadelphia x post )
homeless girls find girl scout troop to call their own: ' we ' re real sisters '
paralympic 1 , 500m final sees top four finish quicker than olympic gold medallist
teens stop basketball game to take knees , pay respect during funeral procession
iowa teen ' s organ , tissue donations help 194 people
girl with cerebral palsy wins supreme court case after her school banned service dog
this couple is expecting two babies because they ' re both pregnant at the same time
world first robot surgery in toowoomba gives cancer patient new voice
world cup fever still raging in rohingya refugee camps
angola decriminalizes same sex activity , makes discrimination based on sexual orientation illegal .
west point ' s 2019 graduating class goes viral with photo of history making black female cadets
blazeaid volunteers lend a hand in flood affected north west queensland
portaging canoes to mt everest base camp to raise funds for mental health center in kathmandu
researchers may have found many of chinas 30 million missing girls
firefighters resuscitate dog using pet sized oxygen mask donated by girl scouts
florida man awarded $37 , 500 after cops mistake glazed doughnut crumbs for meth
boston marathon bombing survivor helps amputee , 5 , run again
ex guantanamo detainee omar khadr to get apology and pay
no , that north carolina town didnt ban solar panels for sucking up sun : science : tech times
surprise mba for california mom who went to all quadriplegic son ' s college classes
hundreds of people and their dogs join 18 year old walnut the whippet for his final walk on his favourite beach
pot pows head home as auma opens the gates for california cannabis prisoners
knight foundation pledges $ 300 million to rebuild a local journalism ecosystem
donations help houston fire department expand rescue fleet months after harvey
batman: the animated series blu ray collection coming in 2018
two women marry at a hindu temple some hindus also believe that homosexuality happens due to past life connections &amp; quest for gender explorations . there are examples of many hindu gods who changed genders . love all
globalists btfo ' d: donald trump to sign executive order to dramatically reduce funding of united nations
lowest rates on new hiv infection since 1985 thanks to truvada
california community comes together for four year old boy who lost much loved dinosaur collection in wildfires
cardboard box challenge encourages kids to get back to basics at playtime
in a first , brain computer interface helps paralyzed man feel again
with all the negativity around law enforcement , lets share more positive stories like this .
man adopts dog with cancer so he can experience a loving home in his final days
beyonce gives $100 , 000 to 4 historically black colleges after coachella performance
near half million dollar home to be donated to war veteran and wife
6 year old girl takes care of paralyzed dad after mum abandons family
joey has lost over 200 lbs has amassed over 90 , 000 followers in the process . this is his story .
india to spend $6 billion on creating new forests
my county in texas did something good !
after a trio of mates pointed out a dropped ten dollar note under the family beside them they thought nothing of it until the girl came past after their meal and her family paid for their meal for their honesty .
renee gunter grew up hungry in south l . a . now her mission is running a fresh produce shop there .
baltimore ' s homeless veterans get their own free barber shop
all 955 miners trapped in s . africa rescued
2 , 500 people gather on beach to show they are #dstrong
thought this has it ' s place here : )
an idaho police department is starting to post areas were they have officers posted on facebook , to try dispel the idea of speed traps: chief lee white says " officers aren ' t out to ticket drivers but to keep the public safe
pakistan to release a captured indian pilot as a " peace gesture " on friday .
unilever warns it will sell off brands that hurt the planet or society | business
8 year old boy dangling from a ski lift was rescued by quick thinking teenagers who created a makeshift safety net
buddy the dog credited with saving owner ' s life in boynton beach
pizza man drives 7 hours for special delivery to terminally ill patient
us troops to american muslim child: #iwillprotectyou
africa is on track to be declared polio free
lost dog: vet spends thousands to find service dog , locates 8 others
in 1974 , they gave the nobel to her supervisor . now she ' s won a $3 million prize : npr
san francisco is first u . s . city to ban facial recognition technology
love ' s at the root of this plant ' s long life in the oncology wing at portland , oregon ' s providence st . vincent medical center stands a spindly palm about 3 feet tall
suffolk husband gives his wife a kidney for their 20th wedding anniversary .
india decriminalizes being gay .
dog says goodbye to dying owner in heartbreaking moment at hospital today . com
immunized australian kids hit record level nearly 95% of children aged 5 years are vaccinated .
a female baby southern resident killer whale has been born . this is good news since only 76 such whales are left
kid challenges newark tsa agent to dance battle; agent accepts
missing michigan dog turns up months later , 37 miles away
organizations learn cheap tattoo removal to help inmates get jobs
saskatoon throws a surprise wedding for syrian refugee couple
cancer death rates in the united states are continuing to fall and the five year survival rates of those diagnosed with the disease have risen , research shows .
judge rules ag gag law unconstitutional in major victory for free speech and animal protection
10 more beautiful images that remind you we still live in a beautiful world , with beautiful people
terminally ill 8 year old boy becomes honorary marine
north and south korea combine teams at table tennis world championships .
us marijuana legalization is putting mexican drug cartels out of business
meet aldi ' s youngest supplier . . . a 16 year old irish girl
peeping tom arrested in auckland with help of ' hero cat '
amazon , microsoft and others give tens of millions for homeless housing
how technology helped a blind athlete run free at the new york marathon
muslim shop keeper notices regular shopper is missing goes to check on her and saves her after she had suffered a stroke
the 99 best things that happened in 2017
fadwa alaoui , canadian turned away at u . s . border , gets visit from vermont family
anonymous ' santa b ' pays off $79k in walmart layaway costs
over 200 meals delivered to warsaw , in students when school was closed
after 4 . 5 years being kept captive in iran , former u . s . marine reunites with family
my father saved someone ' s life last week and i couldn ' t be more proud to call him " dad
sensible , family loving teens behind pregnancy rate drop
dads reveal their adopted sons after four years .
lula gillespie miller , missing indiana mom , found alive in texas after 42 years
vulnerable at home patients to get tesla powerwalls a $150 , 000 grant is buying 100 power backups to protect against power outages shutting down medically important hardware , or just air conditioning
couple prevents u . s . military veteran from jumping off coronado bay bridge
us armed forces members start hashtag #iwillprotectyou after muslim girl says she ' s afraid
meet the 10 year old determined to find a cure for his best friend ' s disease
dozens of wales football fans donate blood in serbia after supporter ' shot in the stomach '
touching story about water fasting and weight loss [x post/fasting]
ut dallas students volunteer with mercy ships in alternative spring break program
all high school students to get free education starting 2021
the israeli volunteers driving palestinians in gaza to hospitals
lilo the corgi may have short legs but she conquers steep hikes
pakistan bans plastic bags in one of its 5 provinces
dying grandma was too sick to attend , so a college baseball team took the game to her
new jersey high school provides free access to laundry students for students who might not have it at home
gal gadot is dropping her wonder woman role and reportedly refusing to return for a sequel unless producer brett ratner is fired .
bloomberg donates record $1 . 8 billion to john hopkins university , the largest contribution to an american academic institution in history
giraffes at sunset
chef jose andres offers free food to government workers during shutdown
meet bell , this racine school ' s therapy dog
father embraces driver accused of hitting and killing his son on christmas day
the boston globe reached out to the manchester evening news with a really thoughtful gesture
researchers eliminated hiv from the dna of infected mice . it ' s the first step toward a cure for humans , they say
this robo spoon is like a steadycam for eating for those with disabilities that include uncontrolled hand or arm movements , simple tasks like eating can be a challenge .
there is a philippine boy who opened his own shelter with donations from the internet .
u . s . economy powers ahead in first quarter: 3 . 2% growth
15 year old anthony borges shields 20 students behind a door during the florida school shooting . took 5 bullets to save them .
police superheroes surprise kids in hospital
iowa mother donates over 10 , 000 children books in late daughters memory
lost childhood cat returns to boy 12 years later
ian fulfilled his dream to cycle 27 , 369km of this planet to say fu to debilitating bowel disease
michigan convoy not publicized near enough .
glad i got my wife this vaccine which has proven effective now
lost wedding ring found 52 years later
good dog patiently holds a hot dog in its mouth while its owner takes a picture
our local pride celebration was nearly cancelled , but a plea for help had a big response which ensured that it will be able to happen !
daughter of women distraught on the third anniversary of her husband ' s death tipped 50 , 000% to server who showed her mother kindness and paid her bill
betty white the dog reunited with family after 3 years
in historic first , a thari hindu woman has been elected to the senate pakistan dawn . com
ohio cop helps 7 year old poor child who was selling teddy bear for food
healthy tasmanian devils discovered by scientists looking to save species
students in south africa donate 100 000 rands to save wildlife for future generations
worlds oldest man to celebrate bar mitzvah at 113
a new leg helps build a new life for a soccer playing 10 year old syrian refugee
motivated 14 year old boy starts building worlds largest lawn care service
boy gets two donor hands and is very happy with the result !
india: byculla zoo welcomes mumbai ' s first baby penguin on independence day
this shelter takes dogs out for puppuccinos to help them find new homes
man who started als ice bucket challenge gets back his voice
gofundme page for chicago torture victim blasts past targeted $10k goal way past
ill never forget him: alaskan husky rescues injured hiker crossing frigid eagle river along crow pass trail
a week in a panda onesie for being removed off the endangered list
twelve years after conflict erupted , darfur ' s 12 year olds have big ambitions
new ice cream shop in salt lake city is making a difference by employing people with special needs
outdoor clothing company patagonia inc . has committed the $10 million it saved from federal tax cuts championed by president donald trump to nonprofit groups who work on conservation and climate issues .
humback whale shows beautiful appreciation for the humans that saved it from netting !
palmyra triumphal arch , destroyed by daesh ( isis ) , has been recreated by 3d printing
acid attack survivor steps into the spotlight as fashion brands newest model model laxmi saa hopes she empowers other victims of acid attacks to look beyond their physical appearance .
stolen special needs bike returned to sacramento family thanks to pawn shop worker
chance the rapper announces special olympics anniversary concert . proceeds will benefit the special olympics &amp; chances youth empowerment charity social works .
chandler restaurant doesn ' t care about your religion; offers hugs
books n bros 11 year old founder wants to help boys love reading at an age when they often dont
this is the kind of news that really brightens my day on a monday morning
london marathon offers edible ooho drinks capsules as alternative to plastic bottles
fbi special agent reunited with baby he rescued
left in trash as a newborn , man reunites with trio that saved him
a charity that had dozens of star wars , star trek &amp; doctor who toys taken in a burglary has been " overwhelmed " by donations from the public . items were intended to be used to raise money at an event for people with disabilities . more than 500 replacement toys have been donated .
houston ' s " mattress mack " is giving out 100 , 000 pounds of food for thanksgiving .
til that since the release of uber in 2011 , dui related carwrecks have gone down by 25 35% .
essentially frozen cat brought back from the brink after being found buried in snow
first efforts to revive populations of colorados state fish seemed fruitless . then the greenback cutthroat trout surprised everyone again .
trump warns tiananmen style hk crackdown would harm trade deal .
homeless girl from quiapo finally graduates from college amazing determination !
nepal says they ' ve doubled their tiger population from what it was in 2009 .
man left his briefcase full of money and gold bars under a tree in berlin
its no longer a crime to be gay in botswana
florida shooting: librarian who saved 55 ' knew what to do because her friend survived sandy hook '
security camera captures stranger returning wallet stuffed with $1 , 500 in cash .
10 yr old girl survives alligator attack by sticking her fingers up its nostrils , suffocating it and freeing her leg
start up company ' one water ' donates 100% of its profits to charities that build clean water projects in the developing world .
dutch king reveals secret life as part time pilot on klm airline
all 16 , 000 buses in the fast growing chinese megacity shenzhen are now electric , and soon all 22 , 000 taxis will be too .
twitter appeal gets christmas presents for foster boys bbc news
paleta man fundraiser is now the biggest gofundme campaign ever in illinois
new york city has banned styrofoam !
golden gate bridge rescue: chp saves kitten , officer fosters him
born to boil: sugaring ferdinand ' s woods is labor of love for the osborne brothers
we found our son in the subway " ( original post at til )
nations high school graduation rate reaches new record high
an autistic child had a meltdown in a restaurant . then , a customer sent the mom this note .
logics performance of i 800 at the vmas leads to a notable increase suicide hotline traffic
apollo 11: michael collins returns to launch site on 50th anniversary
boy shows generous christmas spirit by donating birthday presents to london ' s homeless
some of the world ' s foremost science experts are helping to promote environmental education and women in science in a tiny peruvian village
the giant rats that love avocado and can diagnose deadly tb
judge wont let unvaccinated children back in school
nasa astrobiologists give new insight into the origin of life
grandma accidentally texts teen about thanksgiving plans , he ' s still invited .
jaden smith ' s foundation , local church bringing clean water to flint
genetic screening helps woman give birth to twins without cancer gene
destiny community has raised over 420 , 000$ usd over the last week for st judes
from mother to son: ottawa ' s ' butterfly boy , ' jonathan pitre , infused with mom ' s stem cells
students who owe lunch money won ' t be stuck with jelly sandwiches as district changes course
' my dad was disappointed when i fell pregnant at 18 i wish he lived to see me open two successful salons '
yankees superstar baseball prospect has a heart of gold
12 camels disqualified from saudi beauty contest in ' botox ' row | world news
indian pm modi ' s free healthcare plan for beneficiaries has crossed 1 million beneficiaries in 130 days
a woman found a tiny live frog in her packaged salad . now it ' s a family pet .
los angeles seeks record setting solar power price under 2/kwh
paralyzed football player defies odds , walks down the aisle at his wedding
indonesian president pays $800 for metallica gift to avoid conflict of interest
delayed flight turns into newfoundland kitchen party at pearson international airport newfoundland &amp; labrador cbc news
orphan best friends from africa coincidentally adopted by neighbors , melts our hearts
a skyscraper boom in us cities is giving elevator technicians a lift .
the art of living river rejuvenation project has now benefited 4 . 99 million ( 49 . 9 lakh ) people in over 5000 villages across 4 states
much loved ice cream parlour that was ' completely thrashed ' in break in gets christmas makeover
a paraplegic man has successfully skied to the south pole in a wheelchair , while raising money for cancer research
two lost dogs in england return home after owners cook sausages near where they went missing
designer donates proceeds of jewelry sales to help needy kids
crime in new york city plunges to it ' s lowest level not seen since the 1950s
dindim the penguin returns to the man who saved his life
37 dogs , 9 puppies rescued from the path of hurricane michael by humane society naples
office kitty surprises his humans when they find out he ' s been snatching money from passersby
chile to be the first american country to ban plastic bags in coastal cities
from defendant to defender: one wrongfully convicted man frees another
the " 50% of us marriages end in divorce " statistic is misleading . in reality , divorce rates peaked in the early 1980s and have been steadily decreasing since then . if current trends continue , only a third of today ' s marriages will end in a divorce .
' cosby ' actor geoffrey owens donates $25k gift from nicki minaj
city council votes to name bronx street stan lee way in honor of comic book genius , spider man creator
no one shows up to little boys birthday party , radio show and houston cosplay for charity throw him a better one .
how hawaii plans to be the first us state to run entirely on clean energy
czech republic: wolves return after a century absence
good guy keanu strikes again !
jayme closs to get $25k reward money after saving herself
pet therapy dogs bring joy to young and old at christmas
overweight tourists finally prohibited from riding donkeys in greece
magnificent " response by bystanders to a fiery crash saves the lives of all drivers and passengers including a young girl , and prevents the fire from spreading to nearby homes .
14 year old raises $100 , 000 to treat girls to ' a wrinkle in time '
order signed to end student debt for disabled veterans
norway approves new liturgy for same sex marriage; first gay wedding takes place at midnight on feb 1 , 2017 ( norwegian )
some really incredible women helping out those who need it , bringing west va back to life after the " thousand year flood .
first book publisher of founder with african roots in germany for germany , africa , europe and the world .
homeless population decreasing thanks to housing first approach
dc metro ' s largest union refuses to transport white nationalists
as florence loomed , a pet lover escaped south carolina with 64 dogs and cats on a school bus
king faisal prize winner bags nobel prize for medicine
group helping to house homeless veterans
washington state becomes 5th state to pass paid family leave into law , guaranteeing 12 weeks
new survey shows small business owners expect their hard work to pay off this year
nearly $1 billion has already poured in from ordinary worshippers and high power magnates around the world to restore notre dame cathedral in paris after a massive fire
lonely widower advertises for companion to go fishing with him
scarlett johansson reveals weird secret celebrity crush
wildlife park introduces baby sloth named chewbacca
a dutch company is harnessing excess heat from computer servers to heat homes for free . doing so also helps decrease carbon emissions by replacing traditional heating sources .
earth , meet polo: ralph lauren drops plastic bottle shirt
miss new mexico gets her crown , 68 years later
puppy disfigured by acid in iran gets new lease on life in canada
soldier who lost 4 limbs opening retreat to help others
us wind and solar power helped prevent up to 12 , 700 deaths
ready to tear up .
arctic farming: town defies icy conditions with hydroponics amid these unforgiving conditions , a creative kind of farming is sprouting up in the largely inupiat community of kotzebue .
moncton cancer survivor wins world taekwondo title after entering on a whim
community comes together to welcome home florence officer shot in the line of duty
yorkie dognapped , sold on craigslist , and returned safely to owner !
this 1 , 000 year old oak tree survived hurricane harvey: oaks are poised to thrive in a changing climate .
farmer spends 16 years studying law by himself so he could sue a powerful chemical firm for ' polluting his land ' and he wins the first round
india says no to impoindia says no to import of solid plastic waste/scrap , puts complete banrt of solid plastic waste/scrap
doctor watching hgtv notices lump on woman ' s throat , leading to potentially life saving diagnosis
' it ' s crazy ' : chase bank forgiving all debt owed by its canadian credit card customers
odd looks dont bother this uber driver and volunteer fireman
i was jobless and in quiet despair but i turned it around
the " james bond of philanthropy " gives away $8 billion ( with a b )
hundreds of dads show up at an elementary school to high five kids to boost morale before year end exams
operation jockstrap: canadians donate 350 protective cups to israeli hockey players in need
boy , 11 , gets police escort home after 3 month stay in hospital for baseball sized brain tumor
stranger joins elderly widower to celebrate birthday of his late wife after seeing flowers , cake in shopping cart
to the usher at the cardinals game who spent two innings finding my son a bottle of milk . . .
new york city passes law requiring green roofs on new buildings dwell
black panther and leopard spotted together , tn photographer captures rare sighting
6 year old donates all his birthday presents to toys for tots
gun waiting periods prevent hundreds of homicides , according to 45 year study
a wisconsin man ' s perverted plan to shoot videos up women ' s skirts went awry when the battery in his shoe camera exploded , madison police said .
mexico city drops gender specific school uniforms . " boys can wear skirts if they want and girls can wear trousers if they want , " mayor sheinbaum said .
harriet tubman to replace andrew jackson on the $20 bill .
recent advances in science and technology mean were closer than ever to curing cancer . here are some reasons to feel hopeful .
5 million people almost double the population of chicago proper show up to celebrate cubs world series win
michigan girls escape kidnap attempt by fighting , throwing hot coffee on suspect
us citizen freed and back with family after 18 months of captivity in yemen
a woman tries to forgive the mother of one of her son ' s accused murderers
falling in love in wartime iraq bbc news
4 year old bibliophile becomes librarian for a day in worldas largest library
scotland just produced enough wind energy to power it for an entire day
iowa community rallies around islamic center in wake of vandalism ( x posted from /r/news )
former president george h . w . bush released from hospital
comedian who grew up in a trailer park ( with 6 siblings ) gets emotional as he awards student a full scholarship to college
after a taxi hire service gave the family of singapore ' s olympic gold swimmer joseph schooling $20 , 000 in free rides , they chose to donate a quarter of that to 2 disabled beneficiaries
these kids started a book club for minority boys . its the most popular club in school .
winemaker mentor program taps into knowledge of italian migrants expert in homemade vintage
officer buys lemonade from young girl ' s stand and comes back the next day but not to buy more
therapists are using dungeons &amp; dragons to get kids to open up
dozens of girls chopped off their hair for cancer patients
i love this subreddit so much i incorporated it into alexa: ask her to cheer you up . it will pick a random story from the front page .
nyc scout troop provides homeless girls a place of their own
pakistan ' s parliament has approved a law guaranteeing basic rights for transgender people in a country which sees prevalent discrimination . the law bans discrimination against transgender people by employers and business owners as well as outlawing harassment in public places or at home .
muslims worked a soup kitchen on christmas eve to give christians the day off
after girl scout cookie stand is robbed , police buy all of their remaining stock and donate over $1000 to cover the loss
iran bans use of wild animals in circuses ( x post /r/iranian )
make a wish kid now a doctor in the hospital that treated her
a homeless man found rare artwork from disney ' s bambi in a garbage bin . when it sold for $3700 the seller tracked him down to split the proceeds .
international drive pays off for scottish water arm
' integrity beyond reproach ' : australian waste worker praised for handing over $1000 found at tip
im ready to quit my job: hong kongs disabled athletes look forward to receiving full time financial support
billionaire pharmaceutical exec john kapoor goes on trial starting today in the first prosecution of a ceo tied to the opioid crisis
if a homeless student is worrying about where he is spending the night , its likely hes not going to be thinking much about his homework . and in one of the poorest districts in kansas , educators have realized that to help homeless students they needed to do more to help homeless families .
fishing buddies use dead friends ashes as bait and catch the biggest carp in the world
a small city in iowa is devoting 1 , 000 acres of land to america ' s vanishing bees
every person deserves to rest in peace: american muslims raising money to repair vandalized jewish cemetery
hubble ' s successor , the james webb space telescope , is one step closer to its planned launch in 2021 . this comes after successfully testing its ability to withstand the vacuum and extreme temperature swings found in space .
dogs ' eyes evolve to appeal to humans
rhode island police send new stuffed toy to boy who lost his from car
police officer buys groceries for financially strapped family after finding boy trying to buy snacks by himself
three schoolchildren are set to win national awards after stopping a suicidal man from jumping off a bridge , saving his life
when a toddler fell into a zoo enclosure twenty years ago he was saved by a gorilla
new zealand bans types of semi automatic weapons used in mosque mass shooting
australia to plant 1 billion trees to help meet climate targets
helping the homeless: sj police hand out care kits
thousands of teens spared conversion therapy due to state bans , report finds
he was being bullied for riding his sister ' s pink bike , so police bought him a new one
the man running around tokyo dressed as a christmas tree
good samaritans save elderly woman from oncoming train in new jersey
ferguson area football team surprised with $25 , 000 gift after coach ' s selfless service
community comes out in support of donut shop after sons tweet
hero stray pit bull gets forever home
mooyahs ( knoxville burger restaurant ) reopens after accident; staff got paid during 12 day shutdown
homelessness paid to pick up trash in new san diego program
83 year old graduates college after years of working at the same college
new zealand man launches crowdfunding campaign to buy pristine private beach for $2 million dollars . . . and give it back to the public .
miami dade boot camp program helps rehabilitate young convicts facing incredible sentences
rents in the us are dropping
brothers ages 7 and 10 , save grandmother by performing cpr
indian restaurant offers free dinner for aucklanders hit by the storm
more than 1 , 000 cold stunned sea turtles rescued in unusually cold florida waters: the reptiles are cold blooded , which means they slow down when cold . but when temperatures drop below 50 degrees turtles become unable to swim or lift heads above water to breathe , and can drown .
a main thoroughfare in the predominantly black town of riviera beach , fla . , was once called old dixie highway . but now the road has a new name: president barack obama highway
comcast rep saves life of customer having stroke on phone
formerly homeless student gets into 17 colleges , on his own
theft of gps tracking devices backfires spectacularly
tanuki warming itself in front of heater warms the hearts of japanese twitter users
dubai to become the worlds first blockchain powered city by 2020 regional post
rescued eagle , mr . america , finds home at detroit zoo
new york giants running back saquon barkley raising awareness for 22q a common genetic disorder thats rarely talked about .
china announces plans to build a solar power station in space
las vegas residents donate blood after shooting
bottle collector donates proceeds to charity for 21 years
world ' s oldest living animal , jonathan the tortoise , gets a new lease of life after vet puts him on a healthy diet . . . at the age of 183
barber lies on floor to cut hair of child with autism
message in a bottle from hawaii finds way to santa rosa family after 13 years
grenoble , europe ' s first ad free city , replaces ads with trees
no more library fines for most young readers in l . a . county
mall santa comforts worried 6 year old boy with autism
first u . s . commercial flight in 5 decades lands in cuba
missing 13 year old jayme closs found alive in wisconsin
ball girl sends heartfelt letter to jo wilfried tsonga
man wrongly imprisoned for 18 years freed just in time for thanksgiving
firefighters rescue 200 pound pet pig named rick ross from manhole
pakistan will restore and return 400 hindu temples .
@eatbch feeds struggling venezuelans with bitcoin cash
scientists are developing a burp free , fart free super cow that can help combat climate change
world war two sweethearts to marry after 70 years apart
women ' s touch best woman owned car ?
new zealand builds tunnels below the roads for penguins to cross safely
it represents hugs from all these strangers: humboldt comfort blanket project brings people together from coast to coast . michele kane wanted to make a blanket for each person killed in last months crash . now , she says shes up to her eyeballs in thousands of yellow and green squares .
children with special needs get unique christmas party
champion high school wrestler surrenders a match he could have won
friends unite to help homeless tulsa man
music eases the pain of a father going blind
stephen colbert shocks south carolina schools by funding every single teacher requested grant
not a new idea but a good one !
harrison ford rescues woman from car accident
congress blocks devos agenda in spending bill
viral social media post reunites owner with ring lost on sand dunes in simpson desert
landscaper from wanaka shaves his 3 year old beard to raise $2000 for his sick uncle
dozens of beachgoers form human chain to save family swept out to sea in florida
chick fil a makes rare sunday delivery for boy with brain tumor
turkish pilot saves 151 lives after making emergency landing in jeddah .
12 year old boy takes on thousands of anti lgbt protesters in mexico: " i have an uncle who is gay . i hate that they hate him .
widow of brooklyn da is donating his suits to ex cons .
dying author pens essay with dating profile of husband
mother of two makes her terminally ill best friend ' s last wish come true by adopting her three young children
mit researchers design a solar powered desalination device for rural india
airline promises free flights for life to baby born on plane
spanish president overcome the red cross efforts and provides over 1 . 5 million meals to puerto ricans
after roaming college campus for years , lulu the dog finds a home
california passes farm animal protection rules enforcing sufficient space and banning sales for non compliance even for state imports
man ' s lost ring found on beach days before 9 year wedding anniversary
largest ocean cleanup project by a 22 year old to be deployed by 2018 | great pacific garbage patch to be 50% cleaned in 5 years
mom hears son ' s heart after donating his organs .
germany ' s bibiana steinhaus amped to kick off first bundesliga match , making her the first female football ref in one of the european top leagues
girl brings note to school saying mom needs help
pope francis requests roman catholic priests be given the right to get married
because of abuse education programs , kids today are half as likely to be abused than previous generations
paralyzed woman hikes appalachian trail
owl cant stop hugging the man who rescued her after bad accident
new solar powered benches let you charge your phone on the go
cielo vista ranch in san luis valley sold to mystery conservationist after listing for $105 million
the biggest ocean cleanup in history launches in less than 2 weeks
cancer stricken 9/11 hero beats the odds with signs of remission
great dance of return: palestinians perform dabke to the sound of bullets at gaza border ( video )
youtube redirects wannabe jihadists
internet raises cool $250k for 89 year old popsicle man
a man and his wife pledge to pay for 26 kindergartners college education .
couple marks 70th wedding anniversary with photo shoot they never had
colombia seizes largest cocaine haul in country ' s history
sikh captain america fighting intolerance
7 year olds inspiring video on down syndrome: its not scary , its so exciting
cow escapes on way to slaughterhouse , smashes through metal fence , breaks arm of man trying to catch her then swims to safety on island in lake .
how a selfie saved a texas man from 99 years in prison
10 year old gives thousands of blessing bags to chicagos homeless
girl , 13 , helped save a record eight lives after donating her organs
david pococks apology shows the sporting world how to say sorry properly . ( lets break it down , line for line , and analyse its excellence . )
muslim restaurant to feed the homeless and elderly for free on christmas day
new orleans city council must re consider gas plant: a judges ruling that the citys open meetings law was violated means that the gas plant which entergy hired actors to fake support for must now be reconsidered .
greece has awarded citizenship to three migrant fishermen two egyptians and an albanian who rescued greeks from a devastating fire near athens
new shelter in orange helps homeless find footing
us judge temporarily blocks trumps travel ban nationwide
young people in #china , india , nigeria , kenya , indonesia , saudi arabia and mexico were found to be more optimistic about the future . in china , both youths and adults reported overwhelming optimism: 90% of youths and 78% of adults feel good about the future of their country
she was a single mom , and her children needed a ride . so she started an uber for kids .
after a decade apart a boy now a man reunites with his pit bull after humane society rescues dog from a house and finds microchip leading back to original owners
florida dog shelter sorts dogs by the hogwarts house rather than breed to end breed discrimination
paralysed woman bed bound for 32 years becomes amazing artist
upliftingnews in review april 30th may 7th
a bolivian monastery accepts a schnauzer as a friar .
his own home flooding , wildlife officer rescues others
sikhs aim to plant million trees as ' gift to the planet ' global project will mark 550 years since birth of religions founder , guru nanak
homeless man ' s note posted on a bus stop lands him a job
fedex will use smart glasses to help pilots land in emergencies
florida girl asks her stepdad to legally adopt her on his birthday
brazil ' s president jair bolsonaro has pneumonia , doctors treating him in a hospital in sao paulo have said .
new zealand to spend almost half a billion dollars to plant one billion trees over the next three years
goodwill donates books to pottawattamie county jail inmates
as follow up to yesterday ' s article about the indian gay prince; indias supreme court orders review of gay sex ban !
fans of honest colorado busboy raise over $3 , 800 for him
construction foreman hides waldo for kids in hospital
japan elects first openly gay man to the national diet .
this company wants to convert used clothing into fuel
vatican launches women ' s football team with pope ' s blessing
by slightly changing the composition of the air we breathe using a small inhaler , certain migraine patients can either cut down on medication or do without it completely , as shown by a new double blinded randomized controlled pilot study .
911 dispatcher helps save 1 year old boy who nearly drowned on christmas
somali mother lul kheire walks 250km for peace
indias supreme court will set up a daycare center for its staff , which advocates said will increase the number of women in the workforce by setting an example for others to follow .
thomas takes floor for celtics ' a day after sister ' s death
parents surprise daughters by bringing home newly adopted sister
heartbroken repo man helps pay off elderly couple ' s car
woman slips note to veterinarian saying boyfriend holding her captive , police say
sick boy ' s wish to pet golden retrievers sees overwhelming response with over 100 dogs
the world ' s largest furniture retailer has revealed that 70% of the materials used to make its products during 2018 were either renewable or recycled , as it strives to reach the 100% mark by 2030 .
lady gaga addresses r . kelly controversy , removes collaboration
steve o , now 10 years sober , just crushed his first triathlon
canada has been secretly giving asylum to gay chechens fleeing persecution
here ' s a heartwarming profile on the teacher who taught the student who earned a perfect score on the ap calc exam .
twins born holding each other ' s hand are still close 2 years later
nigerian police officer finds , returns woman ' s purse containing atm with n200m in it &amp; necklace worth n1 . 8m
secret santa pays off lunchroom negative balances at two area schools . others in town jumps in and pays off balances at the remaining 14 schools totaling almost $14 , 000 .
school surprises high school by including students service dog in yearbook and its the purest thing
dr congo declares ebola outbreak over
no , mr salvini , migrants and refugees are not a burden a photo essay | world news
finally
couple drops $500 , 000 check in salvation army red kettle
uk ' s largest supermarket commits to no edible food going to waste
two hours after meeting him , central minnesota woman offers man her kidney
i owe her my life: mum hails off duty police woman who saved choking son while on ards shopping trip
musher uses cpr to save sled dog
vets inundated with offers to knit guinea pig jumpers
little library concept transformed into mini food pantries for local families
spaying/neutering is up , animal populations in shelters are down across the u . s .
9 year old boy gives his shoes and socks to barefooted homeless boy
sc house resolution: xenophobic bigot trump is not welcome in the state of south carolina
virginia church votes to sell its building and property to build affordable housing on the site
new jersey legislators voted monday to ban elephants and other exotic animals from circuses , carnivals and fairs after two legislators heard about an elephant mistreated by its owner
over 270m in india moved out of poverty in 10 years | india news times of india
close encounters of the wikipedia kind: astronaut is first to specifically contribute to wikipedia from space
president barack obama commutes sentence of grandmother of denver broncos receiver demaryius thomas
tunisia lifts ban on muslim women marrying non muslims | tunisia news | al jazeera
as his daughter goes blind , dad invents a toy that teaches braille
mass gathering of golden retrievers in highlands for 150th anniversary
iceland is first country to introduce law for equal pay of men and women
new jersey teen gets accepted by all 8 ivy league schools
proving the doubters wrong by showing that homeless people are willing and capable of work !
chapecoense celebrate retaining first division status one year after almost entire squad killed in plane crash
harvard researcher to test anti aging pill
alabama lawmakers pass bill requiring chemical castration of convicted child molesters
oldest living pearl harbor survivor returning for 75th anniversary
armed with his metal detector , man reunites lost jewelry with their owners
shelter offers ' real life room ' to help dogs adjust and de stress
chemotherapy shrinking my brain cancer !
convoy leads pa . toddler through snowstorm for life saving heart transplant
las vegas shooting victim reunite with hero who saved him
indian minister says extreme poverty falling , to end by 2031
canada ' s unemployment rate plunges to lowest in 40 years
hero climbs up outside of paris building to save child dangling from balcony
elephants have first right over forest " indian supreme court . orders for demolition of wall that was blocking elephant migration corridor
95 year old and 27 year old both benefitting from a house share scheme set up by british mp jo cox before she was murdered . we get on like a house on fire
unborn baby removed from mum ' s womb for surgery and then put back in groundbreaking development in fetal surgery
four high school students created a non profit website to help lost pets return to their owners findalostpet . org
teen clinches job after stopping robber during interview
trump administration vows to keep illegal families together
cat who had been missing for 11 years is finally reunited with his owner in new york
people losing homes in california wildfires forgive the couple who started it
police donate new bicycle to 89 year old whose original bike was stolen
nasa announces alien life could be thriving on saturns moon enceladus
santa , mrs . claus visit newborns in nicu
adorable baby snow leopard born unable to walk properly gets feline physical therapy
happening right meow: new york puts bill before both the senate and assembly which would ban declawing of cats making it the first state to do so
sense of duty sees somali refugees head home from britain to canada , people who have spent decades away are bringing their skills to rebuild their country
two local politicians quietly clean a public transit station like clockwork for weeks
new york subway riders celebrate student ' s graduation after delays make him miss his ceremony
former felon saves trooper in arizona ambush
cheerios is giving away free wild flower seeds to help save the bees .
california family ' s missing cat ' booboo ' found in guelph , ont .
this man is repopulating a butterfly species in his backyard
this black caped hero isnt batman: us judge a hit for his compassionate verdicts
dogs ' prefer reggae and soft rock ' to other music genres , research suggests
gay and christian , a scion of a hamas family finally finds safety in us
bad martha beer donates $5 , 000 to the island food pantry
167 people paid it forward at a mcdonald ' s on father ' s day
revolution of the century is happening in my country tamil nadu , nearly billions of the protesting against the government to conduct a traditional sport called jallikattu
police surprise boy who bought them lunch with mini police cruiser
photographer sets up joker photoshoot to uplift the heart of a bullied child
a boy with autism wouldn ' t sit still on a united airlines flight . so crew and passengers stepped in to help .
hemp could be the solution to our plastic pollution crisis
postman aids lost alzheimer ' s patient
worlds oldest rugby player still going strong at 95
good samaritan brightens bad day for accident victim | cbc news
hermit becomes rich through inheritance . gives all of it to community who cared for her
city farmers are learning to grow food without soil or sunlight
crannog: the woman who cares for animals at the end of their lives video | news
muslims take stand against isis killings by attending sunday mass in french church
this london doctor who was abandoned at birth has just tracked down his estranged irish relatives
microsoft , sony , nintendo to require games to disclose loot box odds to players
penguin receives military promotion to brigadier
arizona coyotes hire dawn braid , believed to be nhl ' s first full time female coach
air in china 10 percent less polluted than last year , per greenpeace
widow to marry homeless man who used to rummage through bins outside her shop for food
' i just jumped out the window ' : chick fil a employee rushes to assist choking child in drive thru lane hvy journalists
abused puppy found in columbia , md gets adopted
bbc news: glaxosmithkline to ' drop patents in poor countries for better drug access '
5 year old florida girl with brain cancer requests get well cards
carbon dioxide emissions from the u . s . power sector have declined by 28% since 2005
last dog at ionia county shelter finds forever home
student saved a choking mans life before interviewing for paramedic internship
borrow a dog for ' bring your dog to work day ' through nashville shelter
' there is hope ' : former homeless woman serves as valedictorian for graduating class
dolly parton ' s smoky mountains rise telethon raises nearly $9m
lost puppy rescued from bus stop in 32c weather
family shocked after neighbors give $98k for hydrotherapy tub for boy with rare skin condition
a charity called miry ' s list has donated to over 1400 new refugees by helping them create amazon wish lists for essential household items
tests show aagp preserved and enabled retinal cells to mature without compromise after 5 month milestone
kitten frozen to boat dock saved by local sheriff
how a service dog saved my life
uk ' s first nationwide ' quiet hour ' for autistic shoppers to be held this october
california hiker found aive after 6 days missing in yosemite park
muslim and jews cooking together .
the innovation of turning desert sand into farmland
john carroll seniors surprise nigerian classmate with visit from mom for graduation
grizzly bears are now no longer an endangered species !
beluga whales adopt lost narwhal in st . lawrence river
paramedics fulfil dying woman ' s wish to see beach
abandoned dog refuses to leave car without his rabbit friend
south carolina lottery winner donates to alabama tornado victims
it was a bbq , not an orgy . but nc man had to clarify because of his grindr invitation .
duchess of yorks street child charity raises 2 . 8m to send children to school
tasmania becomes first australian state to pass support for same sex marriage
lamb lost on expressway is rescued and will find a new home at jon stewart ' s animal sanctuary
who recommends rescheduling cannabis in international law for first time in history
father transforms son ' s wheelchair into elaborate ' game of thrones ' halloween costume
this man bought 108 pounds of brisket to cook for the displaced baton rogue victims
credit union employees spend holiday helping homeless
naturalisation ceremony held for 15 at the university of louisiana
they said he might never walk . now he can ' t stop running
thousands of motorcyclists ride in honor of 7 bikers killed
senate votes to reverse fcc order and restore net neutrality
daughter surprises hard working dad from poland who has never had a holiday , walked along a beach or stayed in a hotel with a trip of a lifetime to bali
the number of people killed in wars around the world has reached it lowest level in seven years , and battle fatalities have fallen by 43% since 2014 .
former westboro baptist church member lauren drain says she was banished , reveals new life as fitness model
meet frida the very good girl whos saved 50+ lives from mexicos earthquakes
denver city council ends private prison firms contracts
oviedo teen vows to run 150 miles to raise money for cancer patient
congress is set to pass a massive conservation bill with big wins for birds
german churches lose 430 000 catholic and protestant members in 2008
family sends text to the wrong number about their newborn . they show up with gifts anyway .
in case called warning to corporate japan , company agreed to pay settlement money to family of exhausted employee who died in accident while returning home after long overnight shift . green display co . will pay about 76 million yen ( $700 , 000 ) and apologize to bereaved family .
tattoo artist turns teen ' s prosthetic leg into art
texas city wants to sponsor a full mural of anonymous vandal ' s art
texas teen with terminal cancer celebrates high school graduation in early ceremony
an illinois community raised $500 online in 8 hours to buy a homeless veteran a train ticket to new york , where he can stay with a friend .
playstation samaritan builds custom controller to help gamer with cerebral palsy
major brain science breakthrough as brainwaves being produced in a lab for first time
due to the earthquake and chaos in mexico major cellphone carriers are offering their services for free .
canada to ban single use plastics by 2021
lebron james surprises oh family with $1 . 3m cash
an oregon couple died in a car crash . more than 400 bikers ( customers of their motorcycle store ) rode in their memorial service .
an outreach court for the homeless takes its first road trip
bill gates saving 6 million + lives in 11 years
bipartisan bill would give millions to local governments to fight homelessness: " bill to award local governments $750 million a year for the next five years to combat homelessness . introduced last week by sens . feinstein and murkowski ( r alaska ) and reps . lieu ( d calif . ) and stivers ( r ohio )
sc hunter finds boy ' s 1976 message in bottle
colorado land returned to the ute indian tribe
hayden elem . resource/police officer comforts boy running late for school
darts player says he deliberately lost a game because his opponent was getting abused by the crowd
juneau teen named hero for helping homeless
kendrick lamar becomes first non classical or jazz musician to win pulitzer prize
federal judge rules indiana seizing cars with civil forfeiture is unconstitutional
kind hearted volunteers help transform disused toilet into new home for rough sleeper living in oldham
the power of human touch .
boy becomes real life super hero after rescuing brother in fiery crash
campaign launched to make missionary who cared for lepers a saint
seven year old brisbane boy buys pony with lemonade stand money
u . s . college teaches veterans to heal each others ' mental wounds
nation ' s oldest park ranger receives replacement coin in surprise ceremony
' inclusion is a beautiful thing ' : teen with down syndrome is voted prom queen at elkhorn south high
this human chain happened yesterday in south africa
j . j . watt donates nearly $10 , 000 worth of athletic equipment to baytown middle school
breast cancer deaths drop nearly 40% in the u . s .
the tampa jewish community has raised nearly $60 , 000 to help repair a torched mosque , surpassing their $40 , 000 goal in under a week .
when we asked ronda rousey if she had apraxia of speech . .
tampa bay bucs player tips every applebee ' s employee $100 xmas eve
coming to lax: 13 ' comfort dogs ' for frazzled fliers
video shows child being rescued from frozen illinois pond
eddie ' the eagle ' recreates calgary olympic glory with first ski jumps in nearly 20 years calgary
my job is to clean up the environment . china really wants to do that
teen makes personalized teddy bears for families of fallen police officers
group clones californias giant trees to combat climate change
4 year old girl honors her late mother by wearing her wedding dress for a photo shoot
in tribute of stephen hawking , eve online pilots are lighting beacons all across its galaxy
dog found in apartment complex days after fire
homeless men find bombs , save lives in nj
letters to the editor: thank you , kind stranger , for carrying my friends 100 pound dog across a boulder field
rare: 1 in 50 million ' split lobster ' discovered in nova scotia
eight year old boy finds lost $100 bill , returns it to 86 year old man
michelin star for singapore noodle stall where lunch is half the price of a big mac
a police officer saves a puppy that was thrown from a car and was slated to be put down . go fund me has been set up to help cover the costs of surgeries . link in comments .
family eyes sweet success with beekeeping dream
jon stewart and stephen colbert are planning a reunion on may 7 , 2016
tinder makes dating app more inclusive for transgender users
aleppo residents return to districts seized by regime
italian children will be banned from nursery school unless their parents have them vaccinated .
st . louis community steps up , donates more than a quarter million diapers to crisis nursery
car giant ford replace watch stolen from elderly former employee
special needs labrador left behind on " empty the shelter " day has been adopted
australian shopkeepers gives firefighters the keys to his evacuated shop and told them to " help yourselves " while fighting xmas day fires .
hundreds of muslim children and their families marched to the manchester arena
gorilla youngsters seen dismantling poachers ' trapsa first . " very confident " four year olds outsmart hunters and protect their clan .
baby lynlee ' born twice ' after tumour surgery to save her life surgeons took out the baby , operated on a tumour that was threatening to stop her heart , and put her back in the womb
holiday inn ives up on plastic mini shampoo bottles , let ' s hope the marriott chain follows suit
9 year old donates to animal shelter for birthday
masoud barzani , assyrian patriarch highlight religious coexistence , freedom in kurdistan region
a las vegas school for children with special needs surprised with a prom and graduation . i ' m bawling
off duty north carolina firefighter saves dozens from lethal poisoning
u . s . soldiers conquer mt . everest , with a fake leg
instead of buying a boat , this guy is sending an entire kindergarten class to college
sea turtle populations soar by 980% after legal protections
these women caught a guy drugging his date ' s drink
israeli hospital helps deaf palestinian children hear for first time
india just banned all forms of disposable plastic in its capital
south godstone man who wasn ' t expected to survive his birth has been signed to drive for ferrari
to honor an elephant , indian temples are going plastic free
san antonio police credit four good samaritans with pulling a driver out of his burning truck on u . s . 281 and he walked away from the crash unscathed .
mixed race couple priest refused to marry celebrates 70th anniversary
quebec teen discovers ancient mayan ruins by studying the stars
millionaire selling his home and giving cash to homeless charity
in this japanese restaurant , monkeys are your waiters
a festival in leitrim are holding a ' stylish silage ' competition and the entries are brilliant
minecraft teaches students how to overcome common construction problems
planetary protection excites space fans of all ages
indian student wins miss world 2017 in china
teen surprises kids battling spinal muscular atrophy with thousands of dollars worth of christmas gifts
inspiring america: man with cerebral palsy finishes half ironman
mother of 11 year old ' drag kid ' who performed at gay bar says child protective services showed up at her home
all schoolgirls in wales to get free sanitary products
how one canadian food court eliminated 117 bags of garbage a day . . .
abducted canadian toddler located in europe three years later
pizza delivery driver delivers new home to homeless man
bride whose wedding ruined by new york crane collapse is married by fire department chaplain
years after mysteriously disappearing into the bush , sofia the black cat is back home .
california lawmakers pass bill to erase old pot convictions
young girl with one arm forms special friendship with three legged kitten
100s of volunteers help install new playground in sacramento
man shot twice in the head in tel aviv attack goes home , with bullet
almost totally blind aussie woman still finds her dream wedding dress
tasmania poised to declare victory in war against carp
cd projekt gives free copy of cyberpunk 2077 to guy who shouted " you ' re breathtaking ! " at keanu reeves
unitedhealth group donates $500 , 000 to help residents of florida gulf coast region affected by hurricane michael
a brighter outlook could translate to a longer life npr
spanish man helps his grandma who can ' t read or write to use her phone by drawing intricate doodles in a customised address book
how a video game community filled my nephew ' s final days with joy
lab dog to lap dog: research animals get new lease on life
new york passes a ban on conversion therapy after years long efforts
heartwarming reason animal shelter is asking people to donate used furniture
seaworld san diego ending killer whale shows
hundreds of turkeys fried for brooklyn families without gas
the giant panda is no longer an endangered species . following decades of preservation efforts , the panda now falls under the ' vulnerable ' classification
happy international happiness day: 15 ways to make your life happier
north carolina hospital celebrates ' one of the world ' s smallest babies ever born '
little girl , 2 , has best response when questioned by toy shop cashier over choice of black doll
once homeless boise man creates video game outside library , resets life
the good sport: lacrosse team buys cleats for opponents after seeing they dont have any
scientists will soon try to dim the sun in first ever attempt to mimic volcanic eruption and reverse global warming
kobi two born with one arm gets the day of his life when he was invited to the home of everton fc .
mcdonalds happy meals now come with roald dahl books instead of toys in new zealand
teen sells newspapers for 5 years , earns enough money to pay for college
semper fi ! las vegas survivor shielded from gunfire by marine she met just hours earlier
missing cat found after 15 years
veterans helping veterans for a small christmas miracle
' it still fits ' : diamond ring missing since 2004 turns up around garden carrot
abandoned puppy rescued from garbage pile by observant dog
third grader picks best research in cognitive neuroscience
delaware becomes first no kill state for shelter animals in u . s .
boy scouts save leader who suffers heart attack on sailboat
a 3 time service dog dropout , jake the da dog now comforts assault victims
a nice surprise .
two african americans , a latina , a jewish woman and a catholic . the united states ' unbeatable gymnasts
boxer swims 2 . 5km in flood water to join his team , wins silver in state level championship ( india )
patriots wide receiver ' s proudest achievement isn ' t making the super bowl
grateful cancer patients surprise their doctors and nurses with letters . . . and hugs ( video link in comments )
94 year old world war ii veteran , held as a prisoner of war for 14 months , receives purple heart after 74 years of waiting
staff set up bed in their break room for cat who is too fat for shelter kennels
12 year old william bush started a petition to get metallica to play new zealand . after thousands of signatures , the band has announced a huge show there and william ' s been given free tickets
man loses best friend , goes to the ends of the earth to get him back finds him after a week
staff from hotel devastated by fire are volunteering with london charities until the hotel reopens and they can go back to work
a transgender man in search of hormone therapy , he found help at planned parenthood
teslas giant battery saved $40 million during its first year , report says provide the same grid services as peaker plants , but cheaper , quicker , and with zero emissions .
farmer in india drives burning tractor into lake to stop flames from spreading to the village: " standing still wasn ' t an option .
in pakistan ' s northern mountains , plastic bags face the bin
mark zuckerberg lost $15 billion this year , more than any of the 500 richest billionaires in the world
dame stephanie shirley: it takes a long time to do most worthwhile things in life . learn " urgent patience
vatican aide defies police to restore power to homeless shelter
n . j . woman uses couponing to feed 30 , 000 people in need
one man replanted a 300 acre forest in india over 18 years it is rich in flora and fauna , with varieties of trees , shrubs and medicinal plants getting a new home on the hilltops . around 250 species of plants and around 25 species of bamboo grow here .
watch the moment classmates deliberately lose a sports day race so their friend with down ' s syndrome can win
abused , abandoned florida dog becomes official sheriff ' s deputy
the first transplantation of the head will be carried out in december . . . an incredible operation that will enter the history of medicine
rescue crews lift dog that fell from 40 foot cliff to safety
twitch declares harassment of a streamer or a member on any social media platform a banable offsense .
deliveryman is so kind , community gets batmobile to throw him a parade and buys him $54 , 000 gift
the malaysian government has announced it will not allow any further expansion of oil palm plantations , and that it intends to maintain forest cover at 50% . malaymail
urban horse farm saves young people from a life of gangs .
emotional reunion between holocaust survivor and wwii veteran
tcu volunteers work with refugees through non profit
viral video reunites man with family after 40 years homecoming
penguin swims 5 , 000 miles each year to reunite with man who saved its life .
melanin goddess " stuns the internet with her beautiful dark skin
pakistan ' s first transgender newscaster appears on tv screen
little girl surprises her favorite garbage man with birthday cupcake
sweet video shows chicago cop giving coat to man he ticketed 3 weeks earlier
watch: people lift car to free woman trapped underneath
us coal consumption drops to lowest level since 1979
popeyes job applicant gets hired after helping to stop a robbery
brazil: parrot arrested for alerting drug dealing owners by yelling mama police
one of the koch brothers has died
curiousity rover has come back to life !
nba salary cap set for $99 million
mom cancels appointment due to sick child; hvac company sends flowers
a project harnessing data from a japanese satellite could improve weather forecasting and allow officials to issue life saving warnings before natural disasters: data collected by himawari 8 weather satellite paired with supercomputer programme .
water companies in england to plant 11 million trees as part of a wider commitment to improve the natural environment and achieve their goal of a carbon neutral water industry by 2030 .
according to the costa rican institute of electricity ( ice ) , the central american country has run on 100 percent power generated from renewable energy for 300 days . the record number of days have already topped the central american country ' s 2015 and 2016 runs of 299 days and 271 days , respectively .
meet the dubai lady who lives a plastic free life
whale watching &gt; whale meat
lucky cat okay after being shrink wrapped to package , shipped
anthony bourdain quietly helped a kid fighting leukemia make his dream trip to find the world ' s best seafood
amazon ceo jeff bezos and his wife , mackenzie , are creating a $2 billion fund to help homeless families and develop a network of preschools in low income communities
south korea closes largest dog meat slaughterhouse
longannet power station closes , ending coal power use in scotland
pm modi offers water to aap mp bhagwant mann protesting against cbi raids times of india
bicycle rider drops 500 meters after circling the world , goes into a 2 month coma . finally recovers and starts riding again
778 . 686$ raised to buy unprotected peat forest containing 4% of population of orangutans , flat headed cats , many other critical species and conserving indigenous people ' s lands !
mistaken facebook message leads to " christmas miracle
a short uplifting bus encounter that connects
sikh man removes his turban to rescue drowning dog
taiwan to ban single use plastic drinking straws , plastic bags , disposable utensils entirely by 2030
scanning software deciphers ancient biblical scroll
donors give 35 , 000 to save rescue dog who took snakebites to protect florida girl
stuck kitten vacuumed from small pipe
i met a homeless addict and recognised a childhood friend
cancer vaccine eliminates tumors in mice
washington man gives away free firewood
crowd rescuing: refugee who used to sell pens in lebanon founds 3 businesses with donated $190 , 000
' not all country boys are bigots '
could erasing traumatic memories one day eradicate ptsd ?
number of wild tigers increases for first time in 100 years
after being hit by a car , watson the dog overcame paralysis to inspire his family and others
two endangered madagascan radiated tortoises that were stolen from a zoo in australia seven years ago have finally been recovered .
dog rescued after being stuck inside a drum filled with tar
manchester couple celebrate 73rd wedding anniversary bbc news
colbert ' s awkward celeb photo campaign raises $1 million for puerto rico
twitter bans alex jones and infowars for abusive behaviour
six year old girl and father who went missing from new zealand sail into nsw
malaria vaccine on the horizon after leiden and nijmegen university research .
chart: the end of world poverty is in sight
what happened when 18 states raised their minimum wage ? earnings rose , but not at the cost of employment .
elon musk thinks the falcon heavy launch will inspire an exciting , international space race: " i think it ' s going to encourage other countries and companies to raise their sights and say , ' we can do bigger and better , ' which is great . we want a new space race . space races are exciting .
runner reunited with canine marathon companion .
canada teen wins $1000 a week for life on 18th birthday: a canadian teenager has struck the jackpot after buying her first lottery ticket to mark her 18th birthday .
custodian finds kidney donor in school administrator , friend
video: student saves choking friend by using heimlich maneuver
' green police ' to battle tunisia trash scourge
couple with inseparable bond die holding hands after 59 years of marriage
microsoft joins calls for a ' national cybersecurity agency '
teacher spends 70 hours creating incredible ' harry potter themed classroom
help save the whales by watching porn
us wind energy could already power a third of us cars for a year the wind generation already in operation in 2017 would power 75 million us cars for a full year if they were electric . the us wind generation installed in 2018 alone will power about 2 million us electric cars for a year .
israeli gov ' t approves nis 15 billion plan to invest in arab municipalities
tampa sports teams donate money to remove confederate monument
meet the little boy who gave a rose 155 of them to every woman and girl in his town
h . i . v . is reported cured in a second patient , a milestone in the global aids epidemic
police reunite lost rat and homeless man
mothers schools enlist muslim moms in fight against isis
chile and niue vow to protect nearly 300 , 000 square miles of ocean with new marine parks
watch shoppers overpower armed robbers in cellphone shop in sa . video
high school students surprise ' lunch lady ' with car
iranian women protest against strict hijab laws by posting flying hair photos
emotional moment these irish best friends reunite after 43 years following international search
dog called hero for keeping owner warm after slipping in snow: " the temperatures reached as low as twenty four degrees but kelsey put herself on top of his arms , essentially helping to keep his body warm .
john chapman to be first airman since vietnam to receive medal of honor
airline employee personally delivers cancer patient ' s luggage
gilford man gets free car after facebook post goes viral , becomes national sensation |
couple donate entire kitchen ( and building ) to student hunger program
cop donates kidney to child after seeing facebook post
skateboarder sky brown becomes youngest girl to compete in vans open pro series
zimbabwe election underway as polls open in first mugabe free vote
meet lucas , the first gerber baby with down syndrome
elementary students make valentines for homeless
9 year old cancer patient asks for cards to celebrate last christmas early
somaliland passes first law against rape
britney spears ' s charity bike ride helps raise over $553k ( from $1 million overall goal ) for nevada ' s childhood cancer foundation , she ' s also donating $1 of every ticket from her show
passengers help deliver baby born on city bus in st . paul
historic lawrence , ks fire station once again home to active emergency responders
alabama man who spent 36 years behind bars after stealing $50 set free
edinburgh boy gets bionic hand for christmas
michael bay casts britains loneliest dog in transformers 5 director offers film role and a new home to freya , an epileptic staffordshire bull terrier who has spent her life in an animal shelter
hope yet for the worlds abandoned mines , a world first for energy storage in an old goldmine
provo woman delivering meal helps save man ' s life
pope pays to rent beach space for disabled youths
8 year old homeless nigerian refugee wins new york state chess championship
ontario researchers 3d print piece of new skull for dog with cancer
grocery store owner invites shoplifter back and offers food to suspect ' s family
brothers use virtual reality to help veterans
' every child deserves a family , ' says couple who care for dying foster kids
university president speaks out about mental illness , revealing he attempted suicide , and says that everyone struggling deserves help . " break the stigma; imagine if you were blamed for having cancer ?
young girl receives doll with prosthetic leg that matches her own
antique dealer tracks down homeless man to split profit after he found a valuable disney painting
houstonians help man unable to afford sons ' insulin
exhausted london marathon runner helped across the line by fellow runner
country music star surprises hundreds at old folks ' christmas party
hero bus driver rescues tot she spotted running on busy street
wisconsin hunter meets unusually friendly fawn wearing an orange scarf
a referendum in romania on whether to narrow the constitutional definition of a family to a man and a woman failed spectacularly over the weekend , with just 20 . 4 percent of the voting population taking part . " let ' s spread love and kindness . every day .
la proposes taxing pot to fund housing for homeless
couple rescues teenager trapped in burning car
trophy hunter eaten alive by lions after he murdered 3 baboon families
students , cities and states take the climate fight to court
after a passenger ' s tweet , 26 minor girls rescued from train in india
six year old girl writes ' heartwarming ' book to raise money for homeless: ' she was really troubled by the fact there was nothing she could do because she doesnt have much power as a child ' .
modicare: india launches world ' s biggest experiment in universal healthcare
father stops his daughter ' s wedding to have stepdad walk bride down the aisle with him
designers at auburn university just released a beautiful looking house that only costs $20 , 000 . . . the same amount that social security pays for people ' s monthly mortgage .
collette divitto with down syndrome online cooking ordering website link
hans rosling: the magic washing machine ( ted talk )
nfl linebacker darius leonard donates bikes for kids in his home town .
wikipedia bans daily mail as ' unreliable ' source for website
marcus luttrell , texas residents helping world war ii vet rebuild home hit by harvey for 100th birthday
time to find mama !
over 5 , 500 churches in the uk embrace renewable energy
an iftar to heal religious divide in india .
bubba the dog addicted to heroin and meth now clean and has new home
calgary man stops shaking for first time in 10 years after revolutionary , scalpel free brain treatment
large west virginia coal mine with 400 workers closing
my son has a very rare disease that only affects about 50 people worldwide . we took him on a bucket list road trip this summer , our top goal was to get him to the ocean and we did it !
boy gets christmas surprise , learns family wants to adopt him in viral video
heartwarming image shows baby deer rescued from california fires
wwii veteran , 93 , wins upset for tinton falls , nj mayoral race , becomes oldest first term mayor in us history
montreal canadiens goalie carey price offers big hug to young fan whose mom died of cancer
chp officer rescues fawn from wildfire in redding
designing phase 2 trials based on program level considerations patel et al . 46 ( 4 ) : 439 dij
heroic neighbours rescue trapped family from burning apartment
living stronger: centenarian a fixture in nyc neighborhood by caring about others
less than 24 hours after the attack , an ogden man credits his dog , taps , for coming to his rescue . he definitely saved my life , said kiaser skinner , taps ' owner .
family farm that embraces diversity
a mom whose 3 year old son peed in a parking lot was facing 60 days in jail . her charges were just dropped .
couple gives waitress a $400 tip , then pays for her college tuition
milton man chases coyote to save small dog
teen attacked by dog as toddler wishes for birthday cards
woman adopts dog found hiding under her car
supreme court won ' t block children ' s climate change lawsuit
she did it for love: rare wild owl tries burrowing into manitoba enclosure to find mate | cbc news
a local teen is using virtual reality and video games to help children and the elderly in hospitals .
r word banned from hundreds of state statutes on world down syndrome day
first dates alopecia sufferer hailed for her bravery after removing her wig onscreen
life expectancy of japanese women , men continues to rise in 2018
missing piece of stonehenge returned from florida 60 years after removal
police officer jumps off overpass to save boy ' s life in daring new york rescue
british open champion , henrik stenson , wins bet with caddie to quit smoking . if he ever won a major his bagman had to throw away the darts forever .
world ' s loneliest dog finds a new home in time for christmas after three years in rescue centre
diabetic alert dog senses blood sugar drop miles away
researchers conclude that being kind to others causes a small but significant improvement in subjective well being .
a japanese train firm keeps a railroad open for a single student
drake surprises 11 year old heart transplant patient at the hospital for her birthday
29 sea turtles released after being rescued from cold gulf waters earlier this month
woman who was completely blind can now see thanks to a bleeding edge science retinal implant , she describes being able to tell the time for the first time in 6 years !
reunited with beloved chair after 16 years | the royal gazette:bermuda news
house democrats unveil social security expansion bill with unprecedented support
led lights can now broadcast internet that is faster and more secure than wifi
remember that subway singer that was on the front page a while back ? his name is mike yung and he recently auditioned and made it through on america ' s got talent .
a quick thinking fisherman who fell overboard managed to cling on to his nets for five miles as his boat kept powering forward . he was spotted by a young boy who raised the alarm and is now recovering well in hospital
canada ' s immigration minister wants to accept more refugees as economic immigrants
planned parenthood gets huge $6 . 5 million donation , plans ' state of the art ' minneapolis clinic
dog with a broken leg leads vets two miles to her puppies
martin shkreli has been convicted of fraud . he had become infamous for raising the price of a lifesaving drug 5 , 000 percent .
delegations from the united states , russia , and china and other countries struck a deal on thursday to refrain from commercial fishing in the high arctic seas , one of worlds fastest warming places , until scientists can determine what fish are there and whether they can be harvested sustainably .
fbi launches online game to teach children about dangers of becoming a terrorist | news , weather , sports , breaking news
double win: cancer patient wins lottery jackpot and responds to chemo
mike harmon with the vandalia fire department was awarded the badge of courage on saturday for his role in saving a woman from tragedy .
boy who was shot five times in texas church shooting survived and he wants christmas cards ! can we help him out ?
cops buy basketball hoop for kids in one of city ' s most embattled neighborhoods
once again rei is choosing to close its doors on black friday and pay all of its employees to #optoutside .
new research suggests bullying and bullying related behaviors are on the decline at elementary , middle and high schools
giving " being generous does not usually come naturally . giving to others can be difficult . and it can be especially hard when you yourself do not have much . this weeks episode brings you three stories that put the spotlight on people who have given to others in inspiring ways
facebook debuts a new way to help blind people experience photos
proud son posts twitter photo of parents who overcame addiction , graduated college together
ucla , cal state la quarantine students who cannot prove they had measles vaccination
nasa ' s hubble space telescope is back in action after hardware problem
trooper luke bonin captured in photo helping homeless woman with picnicmeal
war ends between north and south korea
st . petersburg animal activist helps pregnant dog in amazing rescue in crusade to save dogs
veteran helps homeless veterans get back on their feet
tulsa police overcome communication barriers , teach kids to fish
south african rhino deaths by poaching is by down 100 in 2016
cubs player anthony rizzo donates $3 . 5 million to a chicago children ' s hospital
chan zuckerberg donate $3 billion toward curing all disease by next 100 years
notable douchebag martin shkreli hit with $4 . 6 million tax lien
regardless of your opinion on tebow as a football player this is a pretty awesome worldwide event that he holds for special needs teens
92 year old wwii navy vet is just a few miles short of atlantic in coast to coast walk
liter of light " projects uses recycled bottles , chlorine and sunlight to bring electricity free " lightbulbs " to slums
people in iraq are the kindest to strangers , while myanmar ' s residents give the most away , according to the caf world giving index 2016 .
india to add 5 , 000+ electric buses in 65 cities in ongoing massive ev push ( electrek )
central georgia teens help save girl ' s life
guess what day it is today ! ?
animal aid india rescue street dog with face so swollen he looks like a pig
jimmy carter ' s wish to rid the world of the guinea worm is close to becoming a reality
guy rescues duck from car grill after being hit mid flight at 40 mph
dogs rescued from korean slaughterhouses arrive in long island; will be ready for adoption in about 2 weeks [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
obamacare signups surge in early days to set new record
american muslims raise thousands of dollars for orlando victims
panda released into the wild in china
parents of special needs children pull off a real life field of dreams and raise hundreds of thousands to build an accessible baseball field
first yellowstone area grizzly hunt in 40 years blocked by federal judge
one brazilian state reduced homicides 69% with a police community alliance
norway becomes the world ' s first country to commit to zero deforestation
a story of a success in life who got hand sum money
second graders raise money to make light rail cheaper for those in need ( denver )
woman , 20 , raising her five siblings on her own is surprised with new car: ' you don ' t know how much this means to us '
malaysia eliminates mother to child transmission of hiv and syphilis after 2 decades long effort
art collective teamlab beyond the limits now in paris france
the satanic temple in salem is now a tax exempt church
airlines told to allow previously banned travelers to us , after judge ' s order
local judge spends night in jail with veteran he sentenced in a show of solidarity
family dog credited for thwarting baby abduction
charges dropped against florida man , because the first amendment protects his " i eat ass " bumper sticker
during holiday period , arsonist burns nursery schools outdoor play equipment . community rallies round to provide new toys
woman donates school supplies for all students at texas school
missing man ' s drone rescue ' a miracle '
two african americans graduate at the top of their class , make school history
superhero window cleaners cheer up sick kids at children ' s hospitals
93% of indian households now have access to toilets , world bank supported survey finds
homeless prom queen finishes high school in 2 years , gets full ride to college
meet ummul kher who battled bone disorder , unsupportive parents , lived in a slum and cracked a national level entrance exam to enter the indian administrative services
doctor to doctor donation: kidney saves sick colleague
couple took in an 80 year old woman who was living in the woods , and cared for her through death
grieving family lose ragdoll at dublin zoo . group of staff spend 8 days digging through rubbish to find it
all 12 , 000 pret a manger staff to get 1 , 000 each as chain is sold for 1 . 5bn
cavs owner dan gilbert giving nba championship rings to janitors , food vendors , police at the q
chubby cats 600 hill climbs takes her to hearts of kanagawa locals
dutch goalkeeper , whose mother died this week , gets emotional mid match after fans show him support singing " you ' ll never walk alone
in china , a man who is blind and a man with double arm amputation have worked together for 13 years to plant trees . the trees will help prevent flooding in their rural village , as well as help the environment in general .
yo yo ma performs impromptu concert for turpin siblings
university of findlay researchers discover new drug to treat brain cancer
military veteran finds hope through writing
missing 3 year old boy found alive
a group of coral has successfully reproduced in a florida lab this scientific breakthrough at the florida aquarium could save america ' s ' great barrier reef '
chapecoense plane crash: team awarded copa sudamericana
a woman survived a bear attack in part due to her chihuahua mix named bear .
mum of highly sensitive boy with autism weeps as he finds peace with service dog . .
2 mother cats adopt 2 orphaned puppies .
germans flock to swim with friendly dolphin
mom carrying baby without brain to term to donate the organs
the city that gives you free beer for cycling
drag queens move in and brighten the lives of residents at sydney aged care village
nearly 70 years later holocaust survivor is reunited with the woman who saved him
father breaks down after son surprises him with antique car he lost five decades ago
with crispr , scientists correct genetic mutation that causes sickle cell disease
space x fcc broadband satellite service application approved
friends and strangers raise $44k for young mom ' s cancer treatment
popular youtuber pewdiepie raises $1 . 3 million for charity
an interview with the 11 year old who is combating the flint water crisis . . . and met obama . twice .
u . s . airman aids emergency responders and saves woman from a near fatal car accident .
' my america , too . ' this tv reporter is making history as the first to wear a hijab on air in the u . s .
a new jersey police officer helped a dying woman fulfill her final wish of going to the beach one last time .
terminally ill 2 year old girl in south africa is cured after treatment in australia
chance the rapper: chicago bulls will donate $1m to cps
a pizza the action: pizzeria owner ' s sons become viral sensations over dough flipping skills
richard scarry books have been slowly changing to " keep up with the times .
sweden pledges to cut all greenhouse gas emissions by 2045
mizoram boy mistakenly runs over chicken with cycle , takes it to hospital with all the money he had .
man spends his time and money to honor the dog he lost
mcconnell , kaine introduce bill to raise smoking age
wwii vet off to australia to reunite with long lost love
' this is the only way i know how to help ' : touching moment a woman hands water to des moines cop after police shooting and they both end up in tears
nestle phasing out all single use plastics
wo men who hiked for miles through northern california wildfire territory expecting a grim discovery were met with a joyful one instead .
by placing 3d printed fake eggs with gps trackers in nesting grounds , conservation biologist have used the strategy to save sea turtles from human encroachment and poaching .
new north sea prototype successfully deployed
british woman becomes one of the first cancer patients to be injected with new tumour destroying vaccine
10 year old girl boosts summer reading by saving bookmobile
mark cuban: ' one of the most underrated skills in business right now is being nice '
don myers , a maryville man loves saving people money . . , by cutting the cord &amp; installing antennas
what one woman did for a homeless mans injured dog will make you ' aww '
michigan high schoolers crocheting grocery bags into sleeping mats for the homeless
manchester puppy theft: stolen litter reunited with mother
mom fulfills 20 year old ' s last wish to be turned into coral reef
golfer , 80 , finally wins her club championship after 40 years of trying
destiny streamers raise $1 , 000 , 000 for st . jude childrens research hospital
97 year old woman walks local shelter dogs every day
plastic from burlap ? bangladesh invents a green throw away bag
nfl player graduates from college after 13 years of work , fulfilling a promise to his mom .
indian soldier buried by avalanche found alive after 6 days
florida bill would ban orca shows and breeding
sextuplets successfully delivered at vcu medical center
doctors are attempting the first case of gene editing inside the body of a living human .
costume designer repairs broken wing of butterfly , makes it look like it was never injured
couple donates bug collection worth $10m , a goldmine for researchers
colorado officer steps in on donuts with dad day so girl wouldnt feel left out
youtuber is contacted by a liberian man who he thought was a scammer , gives him a chance and he turns out to be a genuine man and even gives back to his community .
west virginia became the first u . s . state to allow internet voting by blockchain in primary elections
microsoft pledges $500 million for affordable housing in seattle area
ontario man forgot he stashed $100 , 000 in old tv
kids get a $2 discount if they read a book aloud to their barber in michigan
man who predicted cubs win in 1993 yearbook finally speaks . will use his newfound fame to sell t shirts and then plans to donate proceeds to charities that focus on stomping out bullying .
stranded loon rescued from frozen adirondack pond
germany moving to limit arms sales to saudi arabia , uae , turkey
death rates for african americans with cancer fall significantly , study says
british man risks his life to save dog trapped on 250 foot high cliff top [article includes photos of rescue]
46 dogs , saved from slaughter , arrive in ny from south korea
this police dog was fired from his job for being too friendly
miracle baby comes back from the dead 30 minutes after life support is switched off
pen pals of 65 years meet for the first time
nyu free tuition for all medical students .
corporate donations for hurricane maria relief top $24 million
actor emma watson donates 1m to anti harassment campaign . watson is one of the first donors to the uk justice and equality fund , which has launched a crowdfunding campaign to pay for a new advice network .
skate girls of kabul
trio lauded for saving couple , dog from burning restaurant
' the cajun navy ' heads to texas to aid with hurricane harvey rescues .
austrian athlete freed by kidnapper after complimenting his orchids
democrats raise funds for gop after north carolina headquarters firebombed
11 year old texas girl launches program to collect new shoes for harvey victims
couple adopts 6 kids who are blind and have special needs
103 year old goes trick or treating for the second time
dad adopts four kids , gives them childhood he never had
adidas pledges to make all clothing and shoes from only recycled plastic by 2024
syria reopens national museum
a 14 year old juneau high school student was honored by the governors office today for rescuing a 5 year old boy he saw fall into a fast running creek .
flordia police officers celebrate birthday of boy with autism after no one responds to invites
5 times tom hanks went out of his way to be kind to total strangers
panicked boyfriend finds his stolen engagement ring in incredible twist of fate
home depot workers go above and beyond to help customer with cancer
dog lost during windstorm found 2 years later
md . s 2nd highest court upholds montgomery co . ban on lawn pesticides
first farm to grow vegetables in a desert using only sun and seawater
cancer survivor ' s bike returned after poster plea
the brother of one of the first hate crime victims post 9/11 keeps on teaching tolerance
dog swept down canal found 3 days later
journalist released from prison last year is re arrested; prison authority threatened him with infraction if he kept talking to press . he recorded the conversation , and was released yesterday after threats from lawyers .
7 years of anorexia almost killed her . now she ' s inspiring others who suffer to make a change . . . with bodybuilding
pge permanently de energizes the transmission line that sparked the camp fire
one of the nation ' s oldest fraternities votes to allow some transgender men " i felt i should share this , as this is my own fraternity . it ' s not perfect , but it ' s a step in the right direction .
3 year old cancer survivor serves as flower girl in her bone marrow donors wedding
all french citizens are now organ donors unless they opt out
eco friendly material for cooling found !
viral photo of a man rocking a womans baby has a secret , tender story
pet rooster named donald trumpet gives top end town a loud wake up call
be part of uplifting news by sending mail to a centarian
nurse meets baby she helped save 28 years later who is now a doctor
portland timbers sign goalkeeper derrick tellez to one game contract
lost dog found safe after eluding 1000 searchers and a helicopter for nine days
' butterfly child ' given life saving skin
americas most unique detention center is found on a remote stretch of key west , where abandoned alpacas , ostracized ostriches and a beloved blind horse are lovingly cared for by inmates
graduate works to redefine cerebral palsy , talks about her path to graduating magna cum laude and overcoming adversity
a bus driver builds wheelchair ramp for 10 year old girl on his route
people in my hometown area have started a movement called " brazoria county rocks ! " people paint and hide rocks with uplifting sayings and pictures to try to make someone ' s day . then you are supposed to re hide what you found to pass it forward . simple and sweet !
sacred dakota peace pipe sells for $40 , 000 and buyer gives it back to minnesota tribe | star tribune
manchester attack: city mobilises to help concertgoers with offers of rooms and free rides | uk news
chicago cubs ' anthony rizzo donates $3 . 5 million to children ' s hospital in chicago
father paralyzed in manchester attack regains movement in his legs
good news: the hole in the ozone layer is finally starting to heal
first cancer treatment center on a u . s . reservation opens in tuba city | navajo hopi observer
these palestinians risked their lives to rescue israelis from a car crash
after his best friend died , a 12 year old michigan boy raised $2 , 500 to pay for the headstone
90 year old chooses road trip over cancer treatment
police officer adopts child after investigating his case of severe child abuse
15 year old girl goes from cheerleader to football player
mother , daughter reunited after 82 years
national parks across the country are waiving their admission fees today in honor of martin luther king jr . day
san jose: homeless people will be paid $15 an hour to pick up trash in hotspots
maalona faletogo said her goals were to make sure her name was remembered for her accomplishments on the mat , not her inability to see " ; an inspirational high school athlete .
foster child learns she ' s been adopted &lt;video&gt;
police officer saves the life of baby born on a bridge without a heartbeat
customer returns to borough market restaurant to pay bill and tip staff after london terror attack
this is sheryl
nurse finds out new colleague is baby she treated 28 years ago
new jersey man breaks hip then wins $1m lottery
violent crime and unemployment rates are nearly twice the national average in baltimore . educators say factors like these add significant stress to children , causing emotional and behavioral problems , so several public schools are working to reduce that stress with mindfulness and meditation
in my early 20 ' s , i found myself working a dead end job , depressed and aimless . then i started studying zen buddhism , decided to go back to school , and lived at a monastery after graduation . here ' s the story . i tried to be brief , but failed .
facebook post saves toddlers life by finding a kidney donor
friends make tactile rubiks cube for visually impaired
quadriplegic artist in whittier defies odds , uses mouth to paint
3 companies that give staff paid time off when they get a puppy
dead stuntmans family receives $740 , 000 donation from jet li
aitzaz hassan , 15 , died tackling a suicide bomber , saving the lives of hundreds of students .
massena teen with cerebral palsy donates hair through locks of love
japan and un environment join together in battle against marine litter
crossfit coach has his house broken into . community responds .
awesome technology that gives hope to paralysed people
alex trebek is back baby !
stand up to cancer held their yearly live televised event in the uk last night and raised 15 . 7 million for cancer research charities
thai cave rescue: they ' re all out ! all 12 boys and coach rescued from depths of cave
mother of 3 found after disappearing 11 years ago
policewoman disciplined for removing distressed kitten from home during an investigation without permission of the homeowner , who the cop believed was on drugs and was the reason for the investigation receives outpouring of support at hearing
kenyan president signs a law requiring the government to provide free sanitary pads for all school going girls .
pepe the frogs creator gets alt right childrens book pulled , vows to aggressively enforce his intellectual property
tesla makes quick work of puerto rico hospital solar power relief project
michigan cop buys car seat for struggling dad instead of issuing a ticket
disabled 4ft teenager takes on the department of work and pensions ( dwp ) after they stop his benefits and wins
child porn ring leader reportedly beaten to death inside federal prison
61 year old las vegas grandpa trains for the nba
lego group reaches 100% renewable energy target 3 years ahead of schedule
ireland votes to be world ' s first country to fully divest from fossil fuels
more funny than uplifting , dog interrupts live news broadcast
sheriff to cut sentences of inmates who helped fallen deputy
viral social media post reunites owner with wedding ring lost in australia ' s simpson desert .
police officer pushes man in wheelchair to safety
indianapolis installs tiny canal ramps for ducks
man honored for saving nypd officer attacked by escaped prisoner at hospital
happy ending for dogs found on railway track in ukraine
pregnant women hail hero tube worker ' pip ' for securing rush hour seats
i would do it again: man donates his kidney to wife on anniversary
spain plans to switch to 100% renewable electricity by 2050
india and china are leading in increasing earth ' s green cover through various agriculture initiatives | latestly
nola book lady to parade through central city , bringing books instead of beads
my uncle luke honored with a letterman jacket as a sign of acceptance
korean reunions: tears as mother and son meet for first time in 68 years
for six decades , ' the man with the golden arm ' donated blood and helped 2 . 4 million babies
canadian man found in amazon after missing for 5 years .
mon ami is bringing play to dementia care
12 year old kenosha girl thwarts abduction attempt
india criminalises muslim ' instant divorce '
woman returns handbag full of cash found on metro
president barack obama released a letter to the nation on his last day in the white house , saying americans helped make him " a better man .
pulled over for speeding , grieving man stunned when officer drives him 100 miles to be with family
this nursing home took a gamble on fun , life and love . it changed everything .
agencies on canal street are waging a post it note war , and it ' s awesome
amazing moment stricken giant manta ray ' asks ' swimmers for help removing giant fishing hook lodged under its eye | london evening standard
not all heroes wear capes .
humble thrift store on ohio state campus has built $1m scholarship fund
i wouldn ' t be alive without my best friend who saved me from the brink of suicide
customs took his truck without charging him with a crime . two years later , hes finally getting it back .
crime once plagued san joaquin county , but now its jail has empty beds . heres what it did right
11 yo selfless boy from bristol cares for dad with mental health issues while coping school
certified legend
' blue ' s clues ' is coming back with a new look
homeless man saves children from fire
two whales flown from shanghai aquarium to sanctuary in iceland
new drug makes human blood poisnonous to mosquitoes .
beijing philanthropist commits $1 . 5 billion to conservation
golden cells campaign aims to promote stem cell donation
over half a million people expected tomorrow at the blues parade in st . louis
a third person may have become hiv free after a bone marrow transplant
florida boy calls the police to say he wants friends . officer comes over to be his friend , giving him soft toys and letting him sit in the police car .
over 100 countries voted sunday to ban the trade in the smooth coated otter and placing it on the most endangered list
smoking marijuana linked to better sperm counts in surprising study
how do you move a bookstore ? with a human chain , book by book
rare bamboo rat spotted at machu picchu after 10 year gap
disabled singer records album ( on donated studio time ) before potentially throat damaging neck surgery
two women are attaching supportive tags around known suicide spots to prevent further suicides . and it ' s working .
for the first time in over 100 years they find baby turtles in the galapagos islands
he invited the public to his wife ' s funeral after she was killed in the el paso shooting . hundreds are expected to attend
pakistan thanks india for returning boy to mother
u . n . secretary general urges nations to consider universal basic income
critically endangered black rhino baby born at cincinnati zoo
medical students take a break from their studies to spread a little love on valentines day
how a retiree turned the devastating loss of his family into christmas lunches for the needy
hero dog saves man from drowning in spanish port after barking at owner
low income high school play debuts to nobody; reddit post goes viral and gets a huge turnout
on wednesday evening , the city of reykjavik , iceland , turned off street lights and encouraged people to darken their homes so that everyone could watch the northern lights
st . augustine rescue gives dogs new life out west
china is re assigning 60 , 000 troops to plant trees . it aims to increase forest coverage to 23% of total landmass by the end of the decade
' louie ' the 132 year old lobster released after 20 years
angry flier worked ! homeless man helped return my husband ' s bike .
texas teacher makes peanut butter jelly sandwiches for all of his students before ap english exam
seattle plan for free transit for students among most generous in nation , mayor says
american tourist gives nazi salute in germany , is beaten up
donald trump wins: the realignment is here
us firefighter revives dog after 20 minutes of mouth to snout resuscitation
equifax will provide credit monitoring and id theft protection to the 2 . 4 people they only now figured out were affected by the giant data breach from last year
salt battery could help renewable energy use
chase forgives all credit card debt in canada
man needed help with sons third grade math homework and got it from a stranger on the subway
eric church cancels thousands of scalped tickets
wwii veteran reunited with dog tags lost on italian beach 70+ years ago
nuclear fusion power could be here by 2030 , one company says
north korea releases otto warmbier after 17 months of unjust imprisonment .
after 17 years of war , a peace movement grows in afghanistan
a guy from my local area . we ' ve all seen him walking for years and offered rides but he would never take them .
chlamydia sex infection vaccine passes safety trial
after 6 year battle , florida couple wins the right to plant veggies in front yard
canadian man punches cougar in the face to save his dog in a heroic act
huge indonesia ' s deforestation dropped 60 percent in 2017
dog digs up baby buried alive
uk unemployment fell by 65 , 000 to 1 . 36 million in three months to june lowest for more than 40 years , figures show
texas paramedics spot 98 year old woman mowing lawn , stop to finish the job
galapagos tortoise has so much sex that he saves his entire species
18 eu countries support 2050 carbon neutrality target , agreement possible this week
dr . marijuana pepsi won ' t change her name ' to make other people happy '
elephants trample poacher to death , another poacher seriously injured
ohio man turns in $14 , 000 found on side of road
man lives frugally his entire life to leave 188m for charity . [x post via til]
sighting of a lifetime: whale watchers find , rescue orphaned bear cub near tofino
bc becomes the first province to provide free menstrual products at all public schools by the end of the year
this veteran and police officer saved the life of a man shot in the leg . a wichita hospital honored him
homeless man donates $10k from residential school settlement to thunder bay shelter , officials say
zappos paying it forward with free pet adoptions for black friday / cyber monday home for the pawlidayz
volunteering: a formula for help and happiness
delhi metro first to become 100 percent ' green '
first graders offer vikings kicker blair walsh words of encouragement
penzance ' s lost valley revisited by last surviving resident
all female flyover to honor life of first naval woman jet pilot
usain bolt donates 10 million to haiti
lottery winner grateful after good samaritan returns $273 million winning ticket
lost cat found , owners share tips on luring wayward pet home
' saddest polar bear ' moved temporarily from chinese mall
community donates more than $2000 to replace camera of " rochester ' s youngest journalist , " which was stolen just one day earlier
a young girl puts a sign in her hospital room window asking for pizza , and is answered by a fraternity house across the street who then stay to hang out with her and sing songs . they ' ve since formed a lasting friendship
12 y . o . guides an ambulance over a flooded bridge amidst flooding and heavy rains in southern india
sioux falls man says restaurant manager saved his life
scientist say theyve cooked up an endlessly recyclable plastic
a new network of 180 electric vehicle ( ev ) charging stations will stretch all the way from norway to italy . the network will be supported by 10 million euros or $12 million funding from the european union ( eu ) .
corellas caught on camera going for a spin on a rooftop whirlybird air vent
minister blesses medical center on the spot where she was abandoned as a baby
a humanitarian gesture for humanitarian heroics
the san diego padres continue to sign pitcher who can ' t play
venezuelan vet ' s fight for the harpy eagle
dog named honey deemed a hero after finding missing toddler
san francisco sues equifax on behalf of 15 million californians affected by the breach .
south korea is building a $35 billion city designed to eliminate the need for cars
more unites us than divides us say researchers
ohio high school football team members rescue elderly couple from river
woman unknowingly adopts childhood dog .
quad amputee completes 24 hours of le mans , historic endeavor . . . .
strip club employees donate money to help florida dog rescued after hurricane michael
david vs . goliath: small irish burger joint wins big mac trademark battle against mcdonald ' s
iowa passes plan to convert to 100 percent renewable energy . " we are finalizing plans to begin construction of the 1 , 000 wind turbines , with completion expected by the end of 2019 , " ( x post /r/politics )
sean combs , formerly known as puff daddy , set to open charter school in harlem with 160 students .
bride sends wedding invitation to wrong address and gets an amazing rsvp
pakistan govt accidentally turns cat filter on during fb live , leaves everyone in splits
sweden to reach its 2030 renewable energy target this year
boy , 11 , fatally shoots grandmother who told him to clean his room: officials
those who profit on misery and those who spread the gossip .
cool move by fort worth officers: fort worth police officers buy a 95 year old man a new air conditioner
boston police add $89 , 000 ice cream truck to patrol fleet boston news
paid paternal leave is finally becoming more common : )
octopus escaped from its tank at the aquarium , crawled across the floor and into a pipe that led to the ocean .
through the eyes of a child
uk patient free of hiv after stem cell treatment
iranian man barred from entry under trump ' s order lands back at lax
lost at sea and feared dead , dog found on island after 5 weeks
lost dog dasha reunited with his owner after three years missing bbc news [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
how one dog helped save one woman from a life filled with domestic violence
injured tower falcon rescued in nienburg , germany .
5 year old girl writes to local police force suggesting use of police cats .
members of the mexican association of paracharreria and equestrian therapy overcome conditions such as amputations , partial blindness , deafness or paralysis to compete in the same daredevil events as their more able bodied peers: lassoing , horse reining , bull riding and others
disney creating deformable , humanoid robots to hug children
99 year old granny from argentine resumes studies at school for adults
drones deliver vaccines on island nation of vanuatu
delicate surgery gifted to puppy that is now ' eating like a trooper '
u . k . kids make heartwarming gesture to classmate with cerebral palsy
beavers do dam good work cleaning water , research reveals
doctor canoes through floodwaters to perform surgery
famlin ' hot cheetos was invented by a mexican janitor at frito lay he ' s now a vp at the company
batkid " is cancer free !
there is a school for grannies in a remote village in india
despite less regulation and a booming economy , us carbon emissions fall . 9% in 2017 , the 7th time in 10 years
' it ' s so exciting and we ' re so proud ' mum of toddler with down syndrome who is new face of popular yogurt
san francisco parents rally around teacher with cancer who has to pay for her own substitute parents at glen park elementary school are pitching in to help the teacher fighting breast cancer cover the costs for her substitute .
drunk group ' put 25ft dinosaur in road '
11 year old boy earns three college degrees , has eye on u . s . presidency
employee who showed kindness to shopper with autism is gifted $110 , 000 for college
twins celebrate their 100th birthday with whimsical photo shoot
american teens are choosing to skip the alcohol and tobacco in record numbers !
schoolteacher rescues injured dog on the road , pays for surgery at animal hospital , starts gofundme to pay remaining costs , then find out the dog belonged to a member of the qatari royal family .
new report gives thumbs up to indigenous employment in nunavut mines
delta announces plans to eliminate single use plastic items
' our hearts are just filled with joy ' : 1st train arrives in churchill after more than a year . train is only land link for remote canadian community located near arctic circle .
north korean leader visits cuba while the us imposes more sanctions on the asian country
he lost his wedding band 15 years ago . it was returned days after his wife died
jimmy carter awarded tenure at emory university at age 94
first lgbti job fair held in india after gay ban lifted
friends , strangers step up to help local man with als
world ' s tiniest premature baby has defied odds to survive infancy
a team of down syndrome kids set up a football team in 2015 . they trained every week but had no opponents so irish international football star james mcclean set up a team to play them this week .
til after sentencing veteran green beret to a night in jail for violating his probation , same judge who is also a vet learned what he was going through after reading his paperwork stayed overnight in the cell with him to be there for him
the volunteers who saved flooded chennai: a year on from the devastating chennai floods , we hear from the volunteers who kept the city afloat .
florida firefighters help save man after heart attack , then finish his lawn work
durham sheriff ' s office helps homeless family
custodian , 54 , graduates after 8 years of cleaning college
umpire helps stop a woman from jumping off a bridge hours before working the rays pirates game
a hate crime made this muslim family think of leaving the country . then neighbors came to their aid .
meet the dad who quit his job to run a minecraft server for autistic kids
cool runnings ii: the jamaican women ' s bobsleigh team ' s olympic dream is still alive after a beer company has offered to buy them a new sled .
caretaker of japan ' s " cat island " sends out a plea on twitter for people to send cat food and ends up with more than she can store .
plains bison roaming free in banff national park for first time in decades
flight attendant makes it her mission to reunite service dogs with the soldiers who love them
never too old to learn: nepalese grandfather joins school after wifes death
the lack of any market for whale meat has prompted icelands whalers to forego the hunt this season
tim duncan donates $250g to help irma damaged u . s . virgin islands
sc lottery winner chooses to be a walmart greeter
scientists find tree frog believed extinct for more than 100 years
hallmark is now selling cards to celebrate transgender people who are transitioning
how a dog made chinese netizens share the pain of rejection bbc news
coldilocks : uss oldest polar bear , celebrates 37 years
golden ticket: 784 people get medical debt paid off by kansas city area doctors
10 year old sells baseball cards to raise money for friends with cancer
army corps of engineers clarifies it wont force dakota pipeline protesters from federal land
bruno a labrador retriever that spent 27 days stuck at the bottom of an abandoned well was found and is recovering well .
marlboro maker wants to end cigarette production
new survey reveals that women who kayak or ski report the highest levels of mental wellbeing
this artist uses old tires he finds in the streets to create beds for animals
she found a way to make plastic waste useful
robin nests in liverpool cathedral christmas tree bbc news
lebron james ' i promise school offers students free tuition , free meals , free uniforms and guaranteed college tuition to univ . of akron
spanish chef serves more than one million meals to hungry puerto ricans
thousands of russians rally to demand free elections
little girl travels country to hug police officers
' extraordinary ' cancer breakthrough revealed ( 94% of terminally ill patients with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia went into remission , study finds )
pot bellied pig emma lured with sweets and saved from a dangerous free walk on street in weil am rhein , in germany .
this legendary 72 year old man dances harder than the 20 year olds at edm fests all over the usa ( w/video )
knights of the roads: hanoi samaritans help stranded motorbikes
prisoner to manager . inmate to leader . it can happen , and it starts with a second chance .
alberta transportation to introduce mandatory training program for trucking companies
the original gerber baby has turned 91 and looks fantastic
us wind and solar power helped prevent up to 12 , 700 deaths
woman kicked out of school for 1938 pregnancy gets diploma
lebanon: homosexuality is not a crime
' we celebrated with tea and hug ' couple who scooped 130m euromillions win
orcas can imitate human speech , research reveals
man ' s family helps him find super bowl iii connection
90 year old mom supports daughter at most accepting columbus oh pride yet
officer gives himself a citation for running red light
the worlds largest virtual battery plant is now operating in the arabian desert
pakistan and india conduct a joint anti terror drill for the first time
new zealand beach bought by crowdfunding is given to public
for the first time in america , there are now more job openings than people unemployed
students design $25 prosthetic arm created with bike pump , balloon and sugar
women account for more than a third of cannabis business executives
young donor to sick kids fell ill himself then tripled his gifts to children ' s hospital
taxi driver driver who learned to read and write at 53 celebrates with family
the prisoners who care for the dying and get another chance at life: in a california prison hospice , inmates become caregivers to fellow convicts who will never make it out alive .
india pakistan pen pals exchanged letters as part of peace initiative
italian police cooked pasta for a lonely elderly couple whose neighbors called about their crying
nebraska tribe becomes a solar power leader on the plains
missing south carolina woman found alive , chained in storage container
mortel crawford lost his sight and sense of smell in a drive by shooting 8 years ago . earlier this month he graduated with a culinary degree and earned the title chef !
newest ' sesame street ' addition might look familiar
toddler wakes up as devastated family agree to turn off life support
syria refugees in canada name their baby justin trudeau
the heartwarming story of how an actor and his elderly neighbor became inseparable
otters win , again . supreme court shuts down challenge from california fishing industry
north korean ' army of beauties ' cheer squad and athletes will attend the olympics games , pyongyang promises
man proposes again after finding rings in ashes of home destroyed by california wildfire
reddit ' s very own /u/rdollaz aka owner of the klay thompson toaster will be joining klay on the warriors ' victory float tomorrow !
dog breaks glass to alert others owner was in trouble
all children to learn cpr and basic first aid in u . k schools
the wisdom of rewilding the bush with wombats a wombat rewilding program in western sydney is digging up huge mounds of benefits for the environment and the survival of other native wildlife .
angry iranians surround morality police van , free ' hijab ' detainees
ireland: first time drug offenders to be referred to health service and not courts in policy overhaul
starting her own business at 89 , latika chakravarty is proof that there is no expiry date for realizing your dreams
ikea donates doll beds to a cat shelter
elon musk releases all tesla patents: " if we clear a path to the creation of compelling electric vehicles , but then lay intellectual property landmines behind us to inhibit others , we are acting in a manner contrary to that goal .
massachusetts man risks safety to rescue woman trapped in flooded car in video
nc woman adopt the 2 songs that have lived at the shelter the longest
kitten rescued from hurricane matthew gets tiny sock sweater and finds new home
us schoolchildren present their classmate with a replacement nintendo 3ds after the one his grandmother bought him was stolen
long beach couple donates $1m to scholarship covering cost of first year tuition at long beach city college
canada steps up heath care for refugee children
child brings amtrak rescuers donuts after train crash kills at least 2 , injures 116: a young girl and her mother have visited the site of yesterday ' s amtrak train collision in south carolina to deliver donuts to rescuers working around the clock to clear the wreckage .
california passes $15/hr minimum wage , workers now calling for more rights
instagram will begin blocking hashtags that return anti vaccination misinformation
vietnamese refugee pays it forward by sponsoring syrian family of 8; nhung tran davies now a doctor after fleeing in a small boat with 300 others seeking asylum in 1979
new maps show how we can defeat malaria .
two muslim women put their lives on the line to save christians
the first entirely uae made satellite launched into space today .
west kerry school children visited by chewbacca from the nearby star wars film set [rte news facebook]
community group grows edible gardens on montreal sidewalks so everybody can eat for free
girl with spina bifida uses baby shark ' beat to learn to walk
husband who beat wife ' s heroin dealer with baseball bat gets probation
this stock ' s 9 , 500% rally created a town of millionaires
woman who survived cancer as a kid becomes a nurse where she was treated
churchgoers tip this pizza guy $700 but it meant way more than they realized
ruth bader ginsburg writes personal note to girl who dressed up as her for superhero day
11 year old friends who just finished lifeguard course rescue 2 swimmers at local beach
' my life wouldnt have turned out like it is now ' woman thanks foster mom who took her in when she was 13
numerous ncaa teams are supporting a former princeton athlete who was injured in a recent hockey game .
its about time
a scottish brewery has combined with an environmental charity to launch a beer aimed at raising awareness of climate change .
privately funded research on chimps ends in the us as nine chimps are transferred from lab to sanctuary
sea eagles return to england after 240 years
over 150 polar bears seen hungrily snacking together on whale carcass
fda chief proposes rules changes to fight high drug prices
chinese man trapped in india goes home after 50 years
couple who lost photos from their " holiday of a lifetime " see them returned six years later after they ' re found in charity shop dvd collection and posted on facebook
teenager performs cpr to save squirrel after hitting it with his car .
police body cam footage shows man giving squirrel cpr
researchers have found an ancient shark in the north atlantic , believed to be 512 years old , which could be the oldest living vertebrate in the world . while the animal was discovered months ago , its potential age was revealed in a study in the journal science .
us veteran fixes cars for free: " it doesn ' t matter about economic status , race , or creed . i don ' t even care if people take advantage , i will help them , regardless
dramatic body cam video shows officer rescue woman from burning house in huron township
a mom buys 1 , 500 pairs of shoes in closing payless for kids in need . from one heart to many hearts: the story of how alma is inspiring us all
good guy car mechanic
dogs destined to be dinner get 2nd chance at n . j . shelter
moment malian man rescues child
woman helps free man who shot her 26 years ago during robbery
in the new year , college and university tuition for canadian students will be free for those with a household income less than $50k
john legend surprises dayton victims families with concert , makes passionate plea to end gun violence
india opens a hospital for elephants
india canal solar power project will generate 1 mw of clean energy per year and also prevent evaporation of 9 , 000 , 000 us gallons
bomb sniffing dog , handler reunited after service in iraq
hundreds in an indian town gather to say goodbye to doctor who made health centre work
lucy the duck gets a police escort from her garden centre home for the 8th year in row
this teacher is walking 500 miles to fight human trafficking
this school started a senior walk and its the sweetest idea
bill gates: consider a world where the age old scourge of malaria is finally eradicated . . . where hundreds of millions of people no longer suffer from tuberculosis . . . and where we have a cure for hiv .
lds church provides place for displaced muslim community to pray
japanese boy yamato tanooka missing for days in forest is found alive
former england and manchester united player rio ferdinand donates 500 , 000 worth of toys to kids ( along with 11 , 500 sleeping bags to the homeless ) this christmas
dog weeps when she realizes she has been saved from rubbish filled well
pediatric prom night for patients at tampa general hospital
after collaborating with the flying needles quilters guild and six weeks of sewing , the kiwanis club of woodland donated 300 trauma dolls to the police and fire departments and other agencies within yolo county .
facing pressure , government agencies start to allow adoptions of retired lab animals
trump enters charlie gard debate: ' we would be delighted ' to help
unknown sisters abandoned separately at birth in va . reunited on camera 43 years later
tortoise thought to be extinct for over 100 years is finally found , and could potentially mate with decades old sperm kept inside her .
pornhub announces beesexual , a channel for raising awareness of bee death rates . on top of this , every time you watch a video on this channel , pornhub donates to organizations focused on bee preservation .
2 canadian women rescued from kidnappers in ghana , officials say
segyeong high is training children to be good people
ice cream factory wants to buy town ' s school to keep it open
the numbers say the world is getting better in every way ! also , really interesting ted talk !
costa rica has doubled its tropical rainforests in just a few decades .
congress effectively ends the federal ban on medical marijuana
amazon ceo says he will start a $2 billion charitable fund to help homeless families and open preschools in low income neighborhoods
migrant seen saving child in viral ' spiderman ' given honourary citizenship
rhino poacher trampled by an elephant and then eaten by lions
' this is all stolen ' : canadian man offers to share his land with first nations . joel holmberg was appalled by vitriol against indigenous people . so he invited them to live on his property , rent free .
importance of cities in america ' s rural economies
that girl is the olympic spirit , american runner helps competitor , completes race with injured ankle
homecoming king passes crown to friend
man buys $540 worth of girl scout cookies so girls don ' t have to stay out in cold
after a restaurant burned down , the owner paid his employees to volunteer in the community while they rebuilt
a 59 year old correctional deputy sees real colors for the first time ( on a farm he manages where inmates are rehabilitated )
east jerusalem: palestinian terrorist killed by own bomb in botched attack | i24news
microsoft has announced this week that it intends to cut its carbon emissions by 75% by 2030 against a 2013 baseline , making continued progress with its carbon neutrality and renewable energy commitments while also making future investments in energy efficiency .
helicopter upsets invictus games tennis player with ptsd , teammate abandons game to comfort him using a song
cuba rolls out mobile internet at last
church pays off entire districts school lunch debt
blessing in a bag: buxton woman spreads holiday love through care packages for the elderly
video: tim tebow leaves on deck circle to greet autistic boy , then hits home run
how the world ' s largest ngo is providing aid to the rohingya people
former soviet pilot , missing for 30 years since afghan war , who went missing in afghanistan when his plane was shot down , found , wants home
india ' s exports to surpass usd 314 bn peak this year
lost dog shows she " nose " her way to owner ' s workplace
man postpones disney trip to find man who stopped suicide
despite ' one in a million ' odds , jeremy the lonely snail has found a lover
sailors with a cat rescued after seven months of drift in the indian ocean
man with downs retires from mcdonald ' s after 33 years of loyal service
donations pour in to help ex cop buy his k9 police partner
bill murray befriends the muslim world: not every flower is the same
pakistan ' s first transgender newscaster appears on tv screen
new orca calf seen among puget sound ' s critically endangered killer whales
3 year old with terminal cancer made honorary firefighter
red sox star fed homeless after world series game
the u . s . is helping china build a novel , superior nuclear reactor . ( 2015 ) thorium lftr
aviciis family launches mental illness and suicide prevention foundation in his memory
net neutrality re instated in vermont via executive order by governor scott
man , 72 , shaves beard , raises $51k for als research
wildlife sanctuary free to good owner as long as you care for the animals
storybook farm: queensland ' s haven for disabled animals offers hope and healing
daughter ' s tragic death inspired a mom to build the first women ' s triathlon in israel
a us vet traveled thousands of miles to return a ' good luck flag ' .
seeing is believing: new gene therapy could help cure blindness
teen weeps tears of joy over gift from generous best buy workers
a noah ' s ark of animals rescued from hawaii lava
' chewbacca mom ' offered free college for her kids
pokemon go saves a struggling ice cream store
after helping to kill the red baron 100 years ago , a canadian hero finally gets his due: while theres some debate over who dealt the final blow to the infamous first world war ace , canadian fighter pilot arthur roy brown is being recognized for his service and legacy .
british space tech transforms education for 34 , 000 students in africa
gay australian lawmaker proposes to partner during floor debate on gay marriage
singer stops concert after seeing a woman being groped
orphans who grew up together share sweetest reunion @cnn
one of cleveland ' s finest eateries is almost completely staffed by ex offenders . they are provided 40 to 50 hours a week in free training . more than 90% of the graduates are now employed and none have gone back to prison .
man forgives distracted teen driver who hit him
starfish on california coast , nearly wiped out by mystery illness , make stunning recovery
more than 60% of employers are now willing to hire applicants with less than the required work experience
1949 mercury coupe goes electric with a tesla battery pack
li fi , a new technology which is 100 times faster than wi fi
group to vaccinate 116 million african children over the next week
raleigh restaurant owner takes her employees to disney world
volunteers deliver bouquets to nursing home residents; flowers come from funeral arrangements
malta just became the first country in europe to ban ' gay cure ' therapy
extensive " search ends finding missing toddler eating berries under a brush .
dog with cancer crosses ' find a home ' off his bucket list
mass . cop helps homeless woman get food , shelter before storm
front lawn becomes a stage for a house ridden boy
oklahoma high school student micah mcdade walks for the first time on graduation day
kayakers rescue calf stuck in mud along the tuscarawas river
photographer rescues eagle trapped in mud
bill gates is optimistic . guess i can be too .
today i found out that we are all so human .
wheelchair accessibility addressed by google maps: google announced today that maps is getting a new feature aimed at helping those in wheelchairs or people with other mobility restrictions by providing " wheelchair accessible " transit navigation routes .
fifty years of service to queensland town biloela and dr tan is not ready to retire just yet
the power of compassion
photographer captures amazing ' light pillars ' phenomenon in north bay , ont . sudbury
a surgeon used to send some patients home with 30 oxycodone pills . now he prescribes 10 .
court denies california ' s attempt to delay whale , sea turtle entanglement case
the elephants , rhinos and lions had been killed . then came a 21st century noah ' s ark .
this master teacher is teaching educators how to have fun
supreme court of india imposed a complete ban on around 8 , 24 , 275 bs iii vehicles maintaining that thehealth of people is far , far more important than the commercial interests of manufacturers
artist devotes talents to portraits of victims of opioid addiction
saudi arabia issued driver ' s licenses to 10 women on monday . . . announcement comes three weeks before ban on women driving is set to be lifted following king salam ' s decision last year to allow women to drive . . . only country in world where women are not allowed drive but this will change on june 24 .
celtic fans raise more than 100 , 000 for palestinian charities after flag protest
honduras had the highest homicide rate in the world in 2012 . murders have decreased by half since then , more than any other nation . here ' s how they did it .
special needs girl takes her dream date to prom
couple meets at speed dating event , fall in love . hes 92 , she is 80
girl named miracle , 3 , lone survivor of mass murder that claimed her mother and siblings , visits police officers she formed bond with
man narrowly missed ethiopian airlines flight that crashed after takeoff
the doctor behind the miraculous cure for nonstop coughs
madonna at opening of childrens wing of malawi hospital
decades after leaving college , an 87 year old woman has finally received her degree
bhutans king plants 108 , 000 trees in honor of his newborn son
evolution brought a flightless bird back from extinction
more than 1 , 000 cities , counties , states , universities and businesses pledge to hold to paris agreement standards on climate change despite trump ' s pull out .
kabul library bus drives afghan children to read .
3 boys buy flowers for all 270 girls at kansas middle school for valentine ' s day
pedophile beaten to death by angry preschool parents
state has 1st elk sighting in more than 2 centuries
major oil companies commit to carbon emissions pricing ( taxing ) at vatican to encourage corporations to take more interest in reducing their carbon footprint
life expectancy to break 90 barrier by 2030
jayme closs to receive $25 , 000 reward for saving herself a minnesota based company that offered a reward for the whereabouts of jayme closs , a 13 year old who was abducted in october , announced that it will give her the money after she freed herself
the magic yarn project: nurse makes princess wigs from yarn to lift the spirits of young cancer patients
avalanche rescue ' miracle ' as 12 year old boy survives 40 minutes buried under snow
governor ducey ( arizona ) signs new animal abuse bill into law making intentional abuse of animals a class 5 felony
el paso residents hold car wash to help pay for toddler ' s cancer treatment
look: hong kong artists decorate streets using paint made from smog
west louisville teen gives his new nike shoes to homeless man in need
this 20 year old wants to interview every wwii combat veteran he can before it ' s too late
police officer gives piggyback ride to older man crossing the street
mum covers anti homeless spikes in manchester with cushions
heartwarming , msian father and daughter invites hungry vagrant to dine with them
final wish granted as dog visits dying owner .
man helps fellow runner to finish the london marathon
muslim man offers hugs to strangers in las ramblas after barcelona terror attack
ashford mum helen smith celebrates 10 years after heart transplant by fundraising for harefield hospital
baby born on jet airways flight gifted free air tickets for life
former mobster may hold clue to recovery of stolen caravaggio hopes of solving one of the worst art crimes in history have been reignited after italian investigators announced they had received new information .
diner stuns wait staff with $2 , 000 tip on a $17 bill
mom donates 18 . 5 gallons of breast milk after newborn son dies
cape town launches safe space for city ' s homeless
heartwarming advert encourages gay couples to keep holding hands pinknews
pink flowers and owls: scientists have found signs of life on one of the world ' s newest islands , just four years after it was spawned by a volcanic eruption
former national rugby league star scott hill turns houses into homes for those fleeing domestic violence
mary foshee has come full circle from being homeless and living in a van with her then 4 year old to where sunday she and her son , now 12 , eagerly volunteered with stockton 209 cares to provide free haircuts and other amenities to about 250 people in need of assistance .
major league baseball player trades a fan a game used jersey for his shirt
britain ' s classic red telephone boxes get a makeover british telecom introduced an " adopt a kiosk " program
outdoor clothing company patagonia donates entire $10m black friday sales to environmental organisations
these golden retrievers at an indian airport provide relief to stressed passengers
melbourne launches non for profit watch line to support the arts and local charities
humans surrogate mothers to orphaned baby orangutans teach them how to survive in the wild
uplifting news: man takes flight with 100 helium baloons
old age famous lion dies of old age
boy who saw world upside down due to rare condition has lifesaving op thanks to kindhearted brit
' never seen anything like it ' : 200 dolphins spotted from ferry
french woman aged 91 gets phd after 30 years
pictures of cats have replaced the adverts in a london tube station in a bid to get away from the constant barrage of adverts on the network
7 year old girl sends ' google boss ' job application , gets a response
football player who almost died from brain injury starts inspirational podcast about head injuries
ringling bros . to retire all circus elephants in may 2 years early
she was married at 13 , now she ' s the mother of twins and she ' s a world class wrestler
' gilligan ' s island crew ' of puppies rescued from uninhabited northern manitoba island
4 sisters took exact same picture for 40 years , seeing them grow up is breathtaking .
meet the gamer grandpas: the seniors who spend retirement playing fortnite | mel magazine
michigan boy with autism will likely be able to keep therapy ducks
native wallaby brought back from brink of extinction in the red centre
previously unknown ' supercolony ' of 1 . 5m penguins discovered in remote danger islands: a previously unknown " supercolony " of adelie penguins have been discovered in the antarctic , easing fears their numbers had been in decline for decades due to climate change .
miss america 2005 marries girlfriend in alabama
shower to the people: st . louis group provides homeless more than warm water , they deliver dignity
an oregon county closed all its public libraries . these rural , diy book lovers revived them .
katy collins made headlines for travelling the world after being dumped by her university sweetheart three months before their wedding
homeless veteran in indianapolis receives gift of childhood home rebuilt by 70 volunteers after tragedy
india launches first test plant to convert plastic waste to diesel fuel
the pact with iran , macron: trump not to abandon it
anonymous donor pledged $1 million to keep the school in atlanta from closing its doors .
partial sight has been restored to six blind people via an implant that transmits video images directly to the brain medical experts hail paradigm shift of implant that transmits video images directly to the visual cortex , bypassing the eye and optic nerve
loyal dog leads ambulance to his elderly owner after he fell into ditch in ireland then refuses to leave his side
steaks and trips to mcdonald ' s for dogs living their last days at canine hospice
nc ice cream shop feeds mini ice cream cones to squirrel daily
volunteers make a difference one mango at a time in west australia ' s remote kimberley
cologne attacks: american woman tells how syrian refugees rescued her from new year ' s eve sexual assault
cajun navy " sets sail to rescue trapped neighbors in baton rouge
at 1 . 2 lakh , flamingos in mumbai , india triple since last year october
india just planted 50 million trees in 24 hours .
puma rescued from russian zoo is instagram famous house cat
a boy shared the pain of being bullied inspiring thousands to show him love
heroic dog walker rescues three young children who were swept out to sea
suns skip training to search for missing child
how saleswomen in india finally won the ' right to sit '
9 year old boy reported missing turns up safe at his home on south side
19 year old kristof milak break michael phelps ' 200m butterfly world record
teen spots scared owl tangled in soccer net so he whips out a knife to cut the bird free
virtual reality helps bridge generation gap in tredegar
photos: california 7 eleven becomes unlikely place people celebrate losing $1 . 6b powerball
watch: ailing 280 pound turtle rescued at jersey shore beach
' you are braver than you think ' anonymous post it notes bring uplifting messages to dayton in wake of sunday ' s mass shooting
resident gives car to man who walks to work
the istanbul metropolitan has started installing automated " smart mobile waste transfer machines " which take used water bottles as payment and issue credit corresponding to the value of each item entered . this credit can be used in the city ' s public transport systems and other municipal services .
students design beach vacuum that sucks up microplastics from the beach leaving the sand behind microplastics are supposedly impossible to be separated from the sand , so 12 canadian students designed the ' hoola one ' to do the job
women creates one of a kind birthdays for foster kids in austin , tx .
man launches hunt for his long lost cardiff relatives so he can give them his uncle ' s war medals
tom hanks runs in to a wedding party in central park
jewish mother , christian father and muslim daughters under one roof in egypt
employers care for long serving sri lankan maid who had cancer
stephen colbert raised $1 million for charity with book mocking trump
northern california mom missing for three weeks found safe on thanksgiving day
orangutan kept as pet for four years rescued from locked crate
tiger population nearly doubles in nepal
coworkers buy a coworker that bicycled 6 . 5 miles to work everyday a car
the magpie that saved a family bbc news
ten year old texas schoolboy invents device to stop babies dying in hot cars
a 10 year old applied to a prestigious tech fellowship . this is the letter she got back .
photogenic florida officers gain thousands of new fans thanks to viral photo
adidas shoes made from ocean plastic are finally here
homeless big issue seller gets postcards from customers delivered to his pitch on the high street
apple now globally powered by 100 percent renewable energy
mother jumps on car hood as thief drives off with her kids inside
indian officials deliver public services at people ' s doorsteps a home visit scheme aims to spare people the queues and the bribes often associated with a trip to a government office
80 year old marine meets his 60 year old son for the first time .
paralyzed man regains use of arms and hands after experimental stem cell therapy
unraveling the kkkwith friendship
patients who participated in the " make a wish " program were 2 . 5x more likely to have fewer unplanned hospital admissions , and 1 . 9x more likely to have fewer unplanned er visits compared to other patients .
ship with 2 hawaiian women rescued after 6 months at sea reaches japan
project princesses
a compassionate judge sentences a veteran to 24 hours in jail , then joins him behind bars
always faithful
mcdonald ' s cashier shocked after 250 customers in a row ' pay it forward ' in her drive thru line
special delivery for cancer stricken father
tuna ' s declining mercury contamination linked to u . s . shift away from coal
new breakthrough could slash solar prices to new lows
11 year old hurricane matthew survivor receives kidney donation for christmas
it now costs $50 to produce one megawatt hour of solar energy . coal , on the other hand , costs $102 per megawatt hour to produce .
this makes me so happy .
english village becomes climate leader by quietly cleaning up its own patch
skeleton dog rescued
heartwarming reunion as canadian soldier surprises family during leafs puck drop
crispr is moving forward in clinical trials
black friday adoption event gives every single animal in the humane society of indianapolis a home
letters helped challenger shuttle engineer shed 30 years of guilt
british columbia will ban grizzly bear trophy hunting : the two way : npr
montana firefighters free puppy that got his head stuck in wheel using ' lot of coconut oil , patience '
french resistance hero who saved hundreds of jewish children dies aged 108
new trial aiming to repair injured spinal cords gives new hope to paralysed australians
watch as two seals are released back into the wild in milestone moment for rescue centre
famed ' afghan girl ' finally gets a home
grand rapids police help homeless find shelter during winter storm
if its melted , its ruined " brands embrace sustainability as purchasing trends diversify growth in ethical , sustainable and vegan products is making larger companies take notice and make a change for good .
kelly reinstates protections for lgbt state workers in kansas eliminated by brownback
local dealership donates blankets , craft boxes to niswonger childrens hospital and regional cancer center
kosher soup kitchen receives donation from muslim farmer
woman pays adoption fees hoping to find new homes for these cats by christmas
' respect the penny ' : montrealer scours city to find lost coins and donates it all to charity
a kid yellowed " wow ! " in the concert hall after a mozart piece; the orchestra successfully crowd sourced finding him so he can meet the artistic director and get a recording of the music .
we ' re gonna live ! congress allocates 161 million dollars to fighting antibiotic resistance .
texas diner tips waiter $750 so he can fly home to ireland
how a starbucks barista helped a customer find a new kidney
first human embryo editing experiment in u . s . corrects gene for heart condition
man pushes wheelchaired friend 500 miles .
ted ' s incredible journey
daigo umehara donates capcom cup winnings to evo scholarship fund
iran will not wage war against any nation: iranian president
oklahoma 911 operator cooks christmas dinner for grieving couple who lost their son
you love to hear it
til after the death of margaret thatcher in 2013 the song ding dong ! the witch is dead from the wizard of oz entered the british music charts at number two .
a " christmas carol " with its own little miracle
louisiana student cries after receiving cornell acceptance letter in viral video
local news did a piece on my great aunt ' s recovery from her stroke . i ' m not crying , you ' re crying .
coworkers buy car for single dad who walked 11 miles to work every day
deputy saves babys life by scooping him up and racing to hospital and his dash cam recorded the whole thing
abused piglet dumped at animal shelter undergoes miraculous transformation | inhabitat green design , innovation , architecture , green building
teacher creates " gentleman ' s club " to teach students life lessons
where does the leftover food from denvers biggest venues and events go ? to the citys hungry , thanks to this group .
ruth bader ginsburg returns to supreme court
cup of noodles giant nissin changes recipe for first time in over 4 decades
ambulances donated by uk public save lives in syria within hours of arrival
baby boy born onboard rescue ship in mediterranean
texas veteran who died with no family has 5 , 000 strangers attend funeral after social media plea : ' we do not leave veterans behind '
this anti gay church is about to close due to unpaid bills and reopen as a center for homeless lgbt youth
250 people pay it forward at a florida mcdonald ' s drive thru
this filmmaker spent months interviewing neo nazis and jihadists . heres what she learned .
a minnesota woman donated her kidney to a firefighter who rushed to help her daughter after a seizure
supreme court of canada says bankrupt energy companies must clean up old oil , gas wells before paying off creditors
jeffrey epstein ' s former business associate: i want to assist victims
teenage entrepreneurs give 100% of profits to veterans
britain ' s loneliest dog rejected 10 , 000 times gets a home for christmas
italian couple gets married despite damage from earthquake
30 year old , special needs man gets first birthday party
stonewall at 50 a time for contemplation , activation at world pride nyc
detroit teen builds libraries and friendships while helping his community ' s homeless
mosul church rebuilt by muslim residents after isis destruction
police encounter turned marriage proposal goes viral
rio olympics: jeff henderson brings gold home to sick mother
jaden smith delivers free food to the homeless
moments before train crash , strangers rescue woman from car that was stuck on tracks
indias pm narendra modi conveys commitment to build good relations with pakistan through a letter to pakistans pm imran khan
trad session breaks out on train travelling across china and the locals love it
two strangers raise more than $165g for man , 89 , who sells ice pops for a living
finland starts to experiment with implementing basic income
victorian theatre actor from toronto writes and performs rap to save fringe show
twin infants abducted during car theft found safe
parks canada banff ' s first wild bison in 140 years are expecting babies
synagogue hosting christmas dinner syrian muslim refugees
bill gates makes $4 . 6 billion donation and is still the world ' s richest person
boaty mcboatface makes its triumphant return , hauling ' unprecedented data '
total stranger gives free car to high school custodian: tv station report
nearly 75% of us coal plants uneconomical compared to local wind , solar
two beer delivery men talk suicidal man off highway overpass ledge with offer to share a cold beer
muslim americans help repair hundreds of vandalized jewish gravestones
david koch , billionaire businessman and influential gop donor , dies
whale helps calf caught in shark net
a stand in mom at lgbtq weddings
bolivia releases 70 , 000 baby turtles into amazonian river
a mother decided to skip her own college graduation so she could see her son graduate at the same time . his university hears about this and surprised her by conferring her degree during her son ' s ceremony .
maryland floods: heroic men save woman from car using human chain
88 year old grandma crosses skydiving off her bucket list: it was wonderful
for first time ever , renewables surpass coal in u . s . power mix
two amazing redditors helped me find a shirt my wife wore before she passed . we used the shirts to make teddy bears for my son and daughter so they can always remember their mom . these two amazing people are /u/elle_woods and /u/zoxcat .
drag queens save man from gay bashing
every single teacher on a crowd funding site just got their wishes fulfilled
mp: district collector gives up office air conditioner , installs them in nutrition rehabilitation centers
survivors of brutal civil war find a softer landing in calgary with center for newcomers
2015: the best year in history for the average human being
ontario man runs first 10k post heart transplant while his donors family cheers him on
tiger cub makes unlikely friend in russia
emilia clarke ' s fundraiser for brain injury ( which started on reddit ) is trending on bbc news , and the /r/freefolk subreddit ( which started it all ) is especially mentioned !
injured eagle rescued from rural wisconsin road
south korea allows north korean women ' s ice hockey team to compete
rhino poachers sentenced to 25 years each setting a new precedent south africa
$50 , 000 pegasus prize boosts center to help homeless youths in dallas
eminem surprises 2017 flint graduates with a pair of headphones each
a woman tracked down the sheikh who saved her grandfather and gave him a home
girl with cerebral palsy saves 1 year old brother from drowning
french food waste law changing how grocery stores approach excess food : the salt : npr
trooper buys birthday present for child after ticketing mother
the elephant who helped me through one of the darkest periods of my life
eugene man helping homeless people with free haircuts
nurse turns wedding gowns into baby gowns for parents who lose a child
kangaroo to be honoured with red cross award for bringing veterans joy
man dressed as father christmas runs out of his car to help woman who fell on the ice
in 1961 , her calculations put the first american in space . today , katherine johnson is celebrating her 100th birthday
dog owners have lower mortality , study finds
a cow escaped the rodeo and disappeared into an anchorage park . for six months , no one has been able to catch her .
girl has strong message about down syndrome: ' im capable '
woman with developmental disability has big smile , bigger dreams
zuckerberg san francisco general hospital is reducing a bike crash patients $20 , 243 bill down to $200 only after the case drew national attention to the hospitals surprising policy of being out of network with all private health insurance .
this circus features rescued pit bulls instead of elephants and lions
when a wwii veteran couldn ' t walk to his wife ' s grave , two volunteers carried him there
philip the ' lucky duck ' is walking again thanks to 3d printed feet
200 year old technology may allow 100 mpg
japan sets target of 20% cut in industrial food waste by 2030
us house members agree to ban slaughter of dogs and cats for human consumption
cards against humanity redistributes your wealth
a legally blind high school basketball player took one shot in his only game all year . he sank it .
a huge premium fashion brand is integrating ai in order to reduce waste .
its my job to save them: maryland school bus driver pulls 20 children from burning vehicle
my grandfather is filling a ship with food to send to haiti . i ' m so proud of him . if anyone wants to help , visit http://www . filltheship . com/
google helps kids send videos to dads in prison for father ' s day
young australian of the year awarded to two young men who started a successful free mobile laundry service for the homeless .
lauren alaina interrupts reba mcentire at the acms to ask for a photo
calgary boy seen wearing homemade flames jersey gifted enhanced version
vietnam ' s am volunteering club bring warmth into the lives of hanois homeless elderly
former high school dropout joins peace corps , helps new dropouts in namibia
my friend is learning english through summarizing uplifting news , and posting it on instagram
teen held captive for a month escapes kidnappers by swimming across lake to safety
taylor swift sends $6 , 386 . 47 to ontario university student to help with tuition
rspcas loneliest dog who spent more than 500 days in kennels finally adopted
barber gives fourth grader free haircuts for life for straight a report card
the jesus rolls: the big lebowski spinoff will be released early next year
the end of root canals: stem cell fillings trigger teeth to repair themselves , research study claims
a cnn reporter just rescued a man stuck in his truck on live tv
twins dress up as dinosaurs for their birthday and local sheriff plays along with them .
students give ' sweetest ' high school janitor new work boots for christmas
who: israel ' s field hospital best in world
a homeless mans car breaks down , then strangers help to put his life back on track
dog rescuer | jakarta globe
interpol: 40 human traffickers arrested , 236 children saved
a team from japanese research institutes wants to hunt down the stem cells of human cancers by employing an ultra precise observation sensor technology used in an astronomical satellite . a prototype detector will be built by 2020 and tested on mice .
marine smuggles friendly stray dog home from afghanistan in classic ' who rescued who ? ' story
lend a hand: al roker surprises families recovering from hurricane harvey
how a bourbon auction went crazy to defeat cancer
with a lucky streak and an iron spirit , prisoner miriam rosenthal survived dachau and auschwitz , giving birth to her first son in a concentration camp before reuniting with her husband , who survived a labour camp
spiderman hero , who rescued boy dangling from balcony , starts first day with paris fire brigade
all glory to god: watch u . s . swimmer simone manuels emotional reaction after her historic gold medal victory
volunteering is a gift that keeps on giving
two carlyle high school students rescue man from submerged car
cop surprises pregnant waitress with $100 tip on $8 . 75 bill: ' beautiful human being '
woman shares thanksgiving with teen she accidentally invited by texting the wrong number
resourceful roseville fire crews rescue ducklings from storm drain firefighters used creativity , youtube sound clips in recovery effort
ozzy osbourne ' s guitar raises funds for hospice
california gov . brown signs cruelty free cosmetics act into law
selfless chinese mother takes in paralyzed boy and cares for him for 37 years after he was abandoned by his parents
woman , 82 , tracks down and meets 96 year old birth mother
guillermo del toro didn ' t plagiarize a short film for " the shape of water , " netherlands film academy confirms
first right whale calf in two years spotted off florida coast
88 year old saskatoon man makes thousands of socks for shelters
officer in my hometown honored for saving 3 people ' s lives in 10 days
texas billionaire offers $100 , 000 bonus to all employees
gordon ramsay agrees to cook for indiana girl , eight , who eats through a feeding tube
fox news no longer airing in the uk
the man who cycled from india to europe for love
this car dealership stiffed a pizza delivery man on a tip , then uploaded the footage to youtube: the internet hit back hard !
for years , this ikea has been quietly welcoming stray dogs off the streets so they can sleep inside
kimberley superfruit given the hollywood treatment after hugh jackman visit
twin cities doctors creates $50 epi pen alternative
hockey player paralyzed after horrific bus crash returns to the ice
twin sisters marry twin brothers by twin ministers
99 year old australian swimmer breaks world record
11 year old girl runs her own business and earns girl scout spirit award
102 year old wins battle to continue working at australian university as oldest scientist
police officer finds calling on skid row
mother gives birth on rer train in paris . transport authorities have offered the baby boy free rail travel until he ' s 25 .
' free meal for the homeless everyday ' : restaurant leftovers bound for the bin go to those in need
a fifth grader just invented a device to prevent hot car deaths
cutest ever baby sloths
shoplifter caught stealing cake mix for son ' s birthday , cop arrives and pays tab
19 year old girl donates 65% of her liver to her dad
retired teacher opens home , arms to older dogs
jordan bohannon missed free throw on purpose to preserve record held by iowa legend chris street
some bees have set up home in one of manchesters trees of hope .
warren buffet says " most american children are going to live far better than their parents did .
plastic straws are out: ron desantis vetoes prohibition of local straw bans
the moment ari , a five year old boy finds out he ' s getting a new heart
university of tennessee to be free for lower income students
24 hour mario party marathon raising money for charity . these guys are awesome !
derbyshire couple get married 65 years after split bbc news
nhl star p . k . subban to receive award from governor general for $10m hospital pledge
palestinian poll shows decline in support for violence against israel arab israeli conflict
police dog fired for being too friendly gets new job that fits him perfectly
a group of potter fans have resolved that issue by playing the game while skydiving .
public school kids to get more than 100 , 000 books for summer reading
adorable page boy steels the show as he whizzes up the aisle at a wedding in ireland
woman jumps in front of car to save boy
washington twp . nj officers fix mother ' s unsafe car in time for christmas . beautiful
bruce maxwell helped save us
after groom gets cold feet , bride turns reception into party for the homeless
how 4 teens from southern california are helping kids with problems from homelessness to bullying
girl battling rare genetic disease elected prom queen by her classmates
florida boy earns money to pay off lunch debts for others
nicki minaj says she ' ll pay college tuition fees for fans
boxer refuses to celebrate win until his opponent , who is in a medically induced coma after suffering bleeding on the brain during the match , makes a full recovery .
pakistan ' s boundary breaking motorcycle girl cnn . com
' mom , its okay , you can go now ' : high school grants terminally ill mother ' s last wish to see daughter graduate
' world ' s saddest ' polar bear offered new home in uk: bear made headlines after footage was released showing its cramped living conditions in a chinese shopping centre
a hooters is serving ' angel shots ' to protect women on bad tinder dates
boy gives all 900 girls in his high school some flowers for valentine ' s day
a rescue beagle turned us government worker has reached his mandatory retirement age
l . a . lawmakers pledge 222 units for homeless residents in each district
lincoln county deputy crashes giant slip n slide party
for six decades , the man with the golden arm donated blood and saved 2 . 4 million babies
trump donates first quarter salary to national park service
hamas linked imam , israel chief rabbi unite in call for peace
after years of preparation , canadian mp mauril belanger ' s dreams of becoming speaker of the house of commons were dashed by a diagnosis of als on the campaign trail . today , after a unanimous vote across all party lines , belanger assumes the speaker ' s chair for a day .
family dog saves boy with down syndrome trapped in dryer
lebron james has opened the ' i promise school ' whose 240 undeserved akron , oh 3rd and 4th graders will be eligible for free college tuition upon graduation
pottsville boy donates birthday money to hospital
george &amp; amal clooney donate $1 million to fight hate groups
tracy morgan nominated for emmy
newfoundland restaurateur to offer free turkey dinner on christmas eve
australian climber rescued after week on new zealand mountain
mollie tibbetts ' brother has three tds in game he nearly missed after sister ' s death
man returns book his mom checked out 84 years ago; library waives fees
texas water park opens for those with special needs
black phd student arrested for " stealing " his own car and getting beaten by police , wins settlement
dog sneaks out of kennel at night to comfort crying foster puppies
muslim teen wins quiz on bhagavad gita in bengaluru , india , says " don ' t like fights over religion
black men arrested at philadelphia starbucks settle for $1
california regulators have nixed a plan to let self driving car manufacturers evade liability for crashes if the vehicle hasnt been maintained according to manufacturer specifications .
the republic of congo has created its fifth national park , protecting western lowland gorillas , chimpanzees , elephants and other threatened wildlife .
how firefighters saved a dog that was deaf and blind after falling 40 feet into a well ( washington post article )
a former tokyo disneyland performer has won work related compensation for her debilitating health condition that was caused by toiling in heavy costumes at parades and shows .
rescued monkey forms ' unusual orphan family ' with two buffalo
cosby actor geoffrey owens will take role on tyler perry show
biker rescues abandoned puppy during race
being transgender is finally removed from list of mental disorders
more coal fired power plants have closed under trump than in obama ' s first term
one sweet gesture by fsu ' s travis rudolph makes mom of boy with autism cry
meet saudi arabia ' s first female news anchor
gates makes largest donation since 2000 with $5 billion gift
worlds first leprosy vaccine to go on trial
tulsa girl asks for charitable donations to local nonprofits rather than gifts on her birthdays
this elite runner reunited a missing dog with its family
this nonprofit helps homeless people record video messages and reunites them with long lost loved ones
drone camera captures photographer ' s risky race to reach drowning eagle
manchester attack: blood bank ' full to the rafters '
an investor group managing some $5 trillion said it was pleased with the steps taken by fast food companies to cut the use of antibiotics in their products and will continue to monitor firms as its three year long engagement comes to an end .
the city of chicago adds deleted epa pages to its website .
tijuana turns wastewater into wine
woman gets a white christmas after all
84 year old mary poppins book returned to alberta public library
oregon man dies ' peacefully ' after being told president trump was impeached
73 million trees to be planted in reforestation project
bus driver put aside money from paychecks to get christmas presents for 70 students
an australian initiative is helping new refugees settle in by giving them work experience with local cafes
an orphaned baby chimpanzee rescued from poachers in africa has taken a scenic flight to its new home sitting on the pilot ' s lap . chimpanzee mussa even " helped " adjust the plane ' s throttle during the flight , rescue organisation lwiro primates in the democratic republic of congo said .
freedom from oppression .
former kentucky police officer sentenced for wrongful arrest | opa
indian man saw puppy trapped in drain . he built a drone to save it
milton mom given 25 handmade hijabi dolls by mystery donor
ex kkk member denounces hate groups one year after charlottesville
adorable 4 year olds sell lemonade to raise money for orlando victims at nycs pride parade
medals of missing wwii pilot presented to family
parents in tears as boys let classmate with down syndrome win school sports day race
bereaved dad finds beloved pendant after desperate search and viral appeal for help , says his daughter is " looking down on me
comedian eddie izzard just finished his 27th marathon in 27 days for charity ( one for each year nelson mandela was in prison )
german shepherd smells gas , saves delaware family
teenagers volunteer as pallbearers at funeral of vietnam vet
isis release the last 40 hostages of 230 assyrian christians kidnapped in syria
after 68 years , a syrian great grandmother comes home . . . to her jewish family in israel
retailers join together to stop exploitation in textile industry
boynton police officer host book drive , deliver books to children
sprawling maya cities uncovered by lasers
astute clinicians save man from extremely rare , nearly universally fatal disease
according to the who , teenage drinking has declined across europe , the continent with the highest rates of drinking in the world . the country with the largest decline ? britain .
the breakthroughs that could save our lives
girl who was raped 43 , 200 times dedicates her life to helping others
policeman from datteln finally catches an outbreaker calf: 3 calves brought back to safe cowshed , asleep .
good news compilation
about 350m trees have been planted in a single day in ethiopia , according to a government minister . the planting is part of a national green legacy initiative to grow 4bn trees in the country this summer by encouraging every citizen to plant at least 40 seedlings
using a combination of 3 d printing and cultured cells , scientists in china have grown new ears for five children born with a defect in one ear called microtia , which impacts the shape and function of the ear .
villagers save drowning leopard
pet mouse that accidentally overdosed revived at safe injection site
resettled refugees help to ' bring buffalo back '
hospital helps patient check off bucket list wish
burglary suspects foiled by meddling comic book store owner
cannabis oil hailed as ' a miracle ' for epileptic son
9 charities to show some love on national dog day !
man gives up the shoes on his feet . a random act of kindness to start your weekend with a smile : )
bulletproof bmw used to rescue dozens during isis attack
people have raised more than $800 , 000 for a mosque destroyed by a fire
amid food scarcity in embattled mosul , volunteers keep front line families fed
lad dressed as batman is protecting kids from this ' clown craze '
fifteen years without a major airline crash in the us
the ice man of india is solving water scarcity by building artificial glaciers . he ' s saving the region of ladakh from drought and hunger with this simple yet cost effective solution .
veterans to protest at college that stopped flying us flags
biracial rapper pulls out of festival after learning white people charged $10 more than people of color [great news for equality ! ]
new york police department commissioner james p . oneill on thursday apologized for the 1969 police raid on the stonewall inn , a gay bar in greenwich village , that caused an uprising and helped launch the modern day lgbtq rights movement .
dishwasher at world famous danish restaurant becomes co owner in ' recognition of his hard work &amp; his enduring smile '
hospital waives charges for good citizen stabbing victim
co founder of hamas military wing issues startling apology to palestinians
ohio transit bus driver accident free over 1 million miles
to cut down on emissions , uh students and volunteers plant 1 , 000 trees in a single day: teams participated in carbon neutrality challenge , joint project of uh manoa and other organizations , which aims to test feasibility of restoring local ecosystems to while reducing states carbon emissions .
mom ' s facebook campaign leads to gifts and cards from around the world , after no one shows up to brain injured 9 year old ' s birthday party .
gainesville officer plays basketball with kids after getting call that they ' re too loud
workers at the lower end of the pay scale finally are getting the most benefit from rising wages
kfc ' s plant based ' chicken ' sold out in five hours
indian american doctor delivers baby on international flight
us generates more electricity from renewables than coal for first time ever
a heroic man jumped into a freezing cold river to rescue a drowning dog
it ' s a beautiful day in the neighborhood .
australia set to shut down loophole supporting illegal ivory trade
santa visits carilion childrens ' hospital to give out presents
principal lets a student shave his head in front of his class after that boy had been bullied for shaving his head in support of a relative with cancer
prison inmates are teaching testy dogs civility . there may be no better place for bite prone animals to receive the constant care they need to break out of their own prisons . the men who train the animals learn responsibility , and acquire a skill they can use outside the prison walls .
donations pour in for pennsylvania man holding yard sales to fund own funeral
a kindness project created by my gf ' s mom . you can put a story on the map about a kind act that you saw . she added the fb login to keep bots out , but she will take that down soon . she doesn ' t store emails .
former drug users turn conservationists to save the philippine eagle
woman with down syndrome retires after working at mcdonald ' s for 32 years . community comes together to recognize her and send her off with a retirement party .
toronto man builds park stairs for $550 , irking city after $65 , 000 estimate
ex convicts are raising thousands of dollars for a football team in north texas
widowed man dedicates life to fostering terminally ill children
middle school students in my town made disney themed wigs for children cancer patients
teen pushes disabled man home before storm while others drive by
kindergartners class assignment turns into viral weather report
from 500 kg to at least 270 kg: journey of eman ahmed , worlds heaviest woman , so far
amal clooney scholarship winner aims to fight child marriage and rape
all of the dads came to join there daughters cheer leading except for one . this girl ' s father was serving overseas , so a high school senior came to help her out .
muslims take to the streets to help you meet a muslim
swimmers syndrome puppy given a second chance .
regina ahmadiyya muslim community members are donating hundreds of kilograms of food to the regina food bank today as a thank you for their new place of worship .
turia pitt: australian burns survivor completes hawaii triathlon
89 year old chicago " popsicle man " gets big payout after internet rallies
long island softball star plays with only one hand . when they find out , some people are kind of shocked and kind of amazed at the same time .
as someone with 2 kids , oh how i wished i could have given away my uterus . i had no need for it , and it ' s moody ways anymore . now that i ' ve got the cancer in it , even more so !
judge orders release of nyc man facing deportation after delivering pizza to fort hamilton base
former inmates wash cars to thank law enforcement
local animal protection association saved 7 chicks by means of a net . dailyminor
swedish 1:st graders ( 7 years old ) find jar of glass with 40 . 000 sek ( some nok ) in woods and gets to keep the money after 3 months .
what 50 year olds know that 20 year olds often don ' t
82 year old michigan granny , marlen downing snowblows her own and neighbours ' driveways in sub zero temperatures
philippines senator calls for duterte to face crimes against humanity inquiry
belize ' s barrier reef is no longer endangered
bay area police surprise family after burglars take christmas gifts
arizona dps trooper drags man from car seconds before train hits it
a beautiful wooded valley on devon coast is to be focus of project to save uks most endangered butterfly the high brown fritillary . the national trust has been given 100 , 000 by peoples postcode lottery to improve 150 acres of lowland heath and wood pasture at heddon valley
law grad overcomes visual impairment with perseverance , firm friendship , and cashmere
jospeh schooling inspires singaporeans to dream big
half the world ' s electricity will come from wind , solar and batteries by 2050
this bird was nearly extinct . now , its population could double thanks to an ' epic ' breeding season
ohio church raises money to leave $3577 christmas eve tip for waffle house employees
talented youth basketball player from birmingham , england
a duck mother and her three chicks were saved from highway . ( near duesseldorf , western germany . )
indias supreme court legalizes same sex intercourses in landmark ruling .
a man put his patriotic tie on ebay . then he learned the buyer needed it for a citizenship ceremony .
cat reunited with family after decade long disappearance
canadian man anton pilipa found 10 , 460km from home in the amazon jungle " a canadian man who has been missing for five years has been found more than 10 , 460km away in the amazon jungle " " ( man ) . . . suffers from suspected schizophrenia
cinemas to open in saudi arabia
in a moving , tearful speech , utah ' s lieutenant governor apologized for past homophobia
baton rouge man develops biodegradable mardi gras beads
martin shkreli jailed: ' pharma bro ' sentenced to seven years for fraud
my friend doug started a change . org petition to name a star/constellation in honour of david bowie
your failure , fuels your success
la rent prices not going up
she lost her leg to save her son; now she ' s learning to walk again
for 20 years , volunteers have made halloween costumes for babies in the intensive care unit
new pizzeria trains people with learning disabilities
pudgy pup peels pounds , now prepares for permanent parents
puppy abandoned in airport bathroom with devastating note because there was ' no other option ' . the number of applications to adopt the pup are so numerous that the shelter has put a hold on any more applications .
mallorca diver survives 60 hours in air bubble bbc news
the ozone layer is healing and is expecting to heal by 2060
modelling debut for boy , 11 , with down ' s syndrome
lions club donates to guide dog group
new york state bans cat declawing
san jose councilman takes oath of office with captain america shield: ' i want to shine a ray of optimism '
stars support boy after all 32 classmates miss his sixth birthday party
schoolgirl uses google translate to befriend new non english speaking student
iraq ' s muslims celebrate christmas in solidarity with christians . ' we are one people , ' say shoppers in baghdad .
a pup in hawaii spends 7 years in a shelter , finally finds a home in mi .
conservationists declare victory for wildlife as eu saves nature directives eu president abandons plan to overhaul flagship birds and habitats directives following a huge public campaign
brooklyn hasidic mans tweet on voting choice takes twitter by storm
we now have the genetic recipe for making tomatoes taste like tomatoes again the verge
a protester in charlotte gave out free hugs to police in riot gear and they were incredibly grateful
queensland schools: teachers brilliant welcome to new pupils
engineers are using ancient construction techniques build ecological , energy saving houses without air conditioning
woman loses 27 pounds in 3 weeks with radical new diet
volunteer speaks about operation bbq relief and helping to feed victims , first responders of redding fire
an act of kindness not ' finders keepers '
walmart cashier steps in when nail salon refuses wheelchair bound woman
crew of ship on southern philippines sea has repelled pirate attack using boiling water mixed with oil . twenty seven sailors aboard philippines ship mv kudos stopped 12 pirates trying to board ship in basilan sea , by splashing armed men with concoction of hot water and oil .
better quality of life for hospital patients thanks to woman ' s generous donation
rare tiger cub born at national zoo
animal shelter owner danielle eden rescued 250 dogs because she didn ' t want them to suffer .
police share chips with hungry ' illegal immigrant '
elvis navarrete , wearing a hat that his father brought from nayarit state , mexico , looks for weeds as he walks through an onion field . the children of those who arrived in wilder as migrant farmworkers now work the same fieldsbut to them its just a summer job .
6 , 000 to 10 , 000 churches are dying each year in the united states .
twitter bans alex jones and infowars; cites abusive behavior
native american little river band contributes $10k to assist flint mi during water crisis
george and amal clooney donate $1 million to fight hate groups
pirate party on track for a record victory in iceland
steven tyler opens home for abused girls cnn
surgeons repair spina bifida in fetus for 1st time in canada
out of gas in dublin , dj gets hail mary lift from derek carr
billy graham
oldest known message in a bottle found on wa beach 132 years after being tossed overboard . a perth family has made an extraordinary historical discovery after becoming bogged on a west australian beach .
oregon woman reunites girl with toy lion lost on remote hike
these elephants wear amazing jumbo jumpers to keep them warm in the winter
cat stolen by nanny is returned to owners
australian teenager snags first coin of 2017 after queuing since christmas
colorado becomes first state in the nation to put a cap on the price of insulin
what happened when an orthodox jewish congregation went to a gay bar to mourn orlando
manchester fire department rescued three pets at a two alarm fire
teenage boy in india kills his father for raping sister
paraplegic man ' s skydiving moment almost 20 years in the making
in an indian village , a school has been set up to teach its grandmothers how to read , write and count run by volunteers .
teen dedicates life to finding &amp; interviewing world war ii combat veterans
sonogenetics , how soundwaves can activate neurons and could cure neurodegenerative disorders revolutionary research
dog , neighbors help rescue seminole deputy , family from burning home
young scouts rescue leader after he suffered fractured ankle on 3 , 000m glacier
puff daddy and mark wahlberg donate one million bottles of water to flint
10 year old finds way to honor local civil rights leader decades after his death
donkey rescued from flood
woman buys out closing payless shoe store for flood victims
preschooler forgoes birthday presents to help homeless
a man who got laid off gets hundreds of job offers after handing out his resume on the side of the road
this foster father takes in only terminally ill children
miracles exist: woman finds seven year old ' s handwritten letter to deceased father after balloon falls from the sky
michigan animal control officers to sleep in dog houses overnight on jan . 12 to raise awareness/money .
drowning kangaroo rescued by australian police officers , who say " every life is worth saving
disabled man who says he ' s unable to work finds $100 , 000 in treasure hunt
fundraiser saves pony who lost penis to cancer , frostbite
powerball winners build a fire station for small town
employees at an orrlando chick fil a spend their sunday making food to hand out to people who donated blood at a donation center .
from 2020 , adults in england will be considered potential donors unless they choose to opt out or are excluded .
best friends become first to co parent in canada
woman with compulsive hair pulling disorder gives us all a lesson in self confidence
lifes first handshake: chiral molecule detected in interstellar space
' we were amazing ' dublin schoolchildren invite us to watch their nativity
girl ' s drive to find 1 , 000 ' black girl books ' hits target with outpouring of donations
china to invest 292bn in renewable power by 2020
neighbors assumed this man collecting cans on his bike was just another bum looking for money . turns out he ' s been giving every dime to the spca .
milwaukee bus driver rescues boy wandering streets alone
valve removes digital homicide ' s games from steam | pc gamer
an active sex life could improve job satisfaction , study finds
how 2 hasidic jews created a trendy new bikini brand
prisoners break free to save guard having heart attack
ozzy osbourne steps in to replace pizza mans stolen heavy metal cds
seeingai helps blind see !
minnesota votes 58 9 to pass internet privacy protection !
teacher holds snow day english class live on facebook
good samaritan saves 25 yo woman from a gang rape in italy
5 things to watch in saturdays democratic contests
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
john oliver is saving net neutrality again . go to the link and comment on the fcc website to protect net neutrality .
baby born in texas chick fil a restroom gets free nuggets for life
daring rescuers save three dogs stranded on a 7 , 600 foot mountain top
a 94 year old war veteran started a podcast to save democracy
elizabethtown woman grateful for new home from habitat for humanity
china ' s ivory ban sparks dramatic drop in prices across asia
chinese village doctor overcomes amputation to make house calls on only one leg
artist creates vitiligo dolls for kids with rare skin pigmentation condition
loyal dog stays with injured brother during winter storm
cops bust suspect seen kicking elderly woman in the head on subway
cat who walked 12 miles back home , only to be rejected again , finds new family
help restore apollo 11 ' s historic mission control with this crowdfunding campaign
german officials confiscate 35 tons of fidget spinners and will crush them out of existence .
jilted bride swaps weddings for wanderlust after being stood up at the altar
found: lovebirds who lost an engagement ring down a times square grate
big cash discovery leads to a lesson in honesty for new bountiful homeowners
missing dog reunited with family after ten years
arab springs final fascist survivor , algerias bouteflika , agrees to step down , sparking hope for democracy
search for haitian boy results in hundreds of children rescued from human trafficking rings
20 years later , man fulfills promise to marry his preschool sweetheart
you have to know the incredible story positive of this young man
biomedical scientist who helped restore mobility in a quadriplegic person for the first time has been named 2017 ' s australian of the year . [x post from /r/worldnews]
a messiah for india ' s abandoned sick
act of kindness on a plane goes viral
amazon removes books promoting dangerous bleach cures for autism and other conditions
a new york city principal records raps and makes music videos wish his students as a way to motivate them to do better in school . " instead of always trying to tear each other down , it ' s important to build each other up .
' fairy tale ending ' : owl saved after high speed collision with truck
crowd funded duo of mica mcneill and mica moore achieved britains best ever result in the womens bobsleigh . they needed only six days to reach their target of 30 , 000 to cover the teams running costs after their funding was cut off .
primary school teacher wrote passages of inspiration on each of her students desk ahead of a high stakes , high pressure test they were to sit .
still brothers: seven decades of separation fails to fray south korean family ties | world news
missing cat reunites with owner , 5 years on
elliot livingstone , a toddler gets new heart after surviving on a mechanical ' berlin heart ' for more than a year , longer than any other child patient in the uk
top prosecutor in leonard peltier case urges clemency in ' extraordinary ' move | us news
keanu reeves got stranded at the airport and took a bus back home with the other passengers
america ' s renewable energy capacity is now greater than coal
hong kong suspends controversial extradition bill after months of protest and criticism
single donor gives $5 million to san jose flood relief fund
woman disguises dog as baby , sneaks it into hospital to comfort grandma
tour guide rescues dolphin stranded on beach
an adorable 3 year old border collie was elected the only leader of one of the largest socio political movements of the decade , and is riding this success by filing with the fec to run for u . s . president . she promises to do absolutely nothing , because she has no thumbs .
2 year old who was found floating face down in pool and had no heartbeat for 30 minutes is alive and well .
meet will brewer , canada ' s first town crier with down syndrome
indias biggest online retailer will stop using throwaway plastic packaging
bronx high school beams with pride as entire senior class goes to college
yearling bear cub rescued from carr fire in ca , treated for burned paws with fish skin and compassion
the ice bucket challenge dramatically accelerated the fight against als
u . s . high school dropout rate reaches record low , driven by improvements among hispanics , blacks
waitress pays kind diners bill , gets free dental work in return
black rhinos preventing crime through basketball
determined to seek an education , teenagers in raqqa , syria , create their own school
turkish gym gives 12 year old syrian refugee shoe shiner a free lifetime membership after photo of him staring longingly through its window went viral
google creates $4 million crisis fund for immigration cause
girls discuss what sexuality means to them because " one label can ' t always define who you are
more than a thousand people turn out for prom of wisconsin teen choosing to die
army is helping one of last plantation villages on oahu ( hawaii ) , by pumping water for drinking and irrigation , after the community ' s only working water pump failed .
homeless in seattle celebrate $3 bln affordable housing victory
' dear timothy , i want to be your new pen pal ' : how george h . w . bush secretly sponsored a filipino child for 10 years as their heartwarming letters are revealed two weeks after the 41st president was laid to rest
pokemon go leads woman to boy in need
a clear path to tackling climate change: planting billions of trees
banff national park welcomes first bison calves in 140 years
ahl goalie loans truck to opponent to allow him to drive 6 hours through a snowstorm to see birth of child
5 year old girl with one hand playing violin thanks to biomedical engineering student ' s invention
real madrid kids team showing great sportsmanship
thousands of las vegas casino workers will get panic buttons to report sexual harassers
morrisons to become the first supermarket to donate all unsold food to community groups
us governor elections inspire hope during un climate talks
dog finds help for 2 utah girls struck by lightning
the richest man in china buys 28 , 100 acres of land in the adirondacks for conservation purposes
law firm secretary single handedly delivers a baby for a stranger in need .
idaho man who had wheelchair stolen ' overwhelmed with gratitude ' after $20k donation
a new bill would offer undocumented ' dreamers ' us citizenship in exchange for military service
india to fix portion sizes in hotels , heres how the world curbs food wastage
cleveland browns to match 10k perfect winless season parade donation to food bank after winning their first game .
top palestinian official donates to israeli hospital that saved his life
truth
workers are getting a bit more of the economic pie ( and shareholders less )
friends injured in crash am for gold at winter games
why i picked up a bag of garbage every day for a year after the 2016 election
watch: national guard meets his newborn twins for the first time very emontional
stolen dog reunited with owner days after it was taken in truck theft
critically endangered madagascan tortoises hatch at chester zoo | uk news
prisoners build toys for kids in need this christmas
aldi staff gave this autistic boy a brilliant birthday surprise
christians donate money to fix windows at gay bar after vandalism des moines , ia .
baby in tiny cap and gown graduates from nicu at alabama hospital
anti bullying program " kiva " found to be highly effective in finland now being tested and researched in other european countries and usa ( xpost from r/science )
japanese parents are competing with each other whose babys got the best bread photo .
first double hand transplant involving a child declared a success
danny wuerffel and the fight for forgotten america: former heisman trophy winning quarterback is helping to rebuild america , one community at a time
world ' s first commercial drone delivery service to supply blood in rwanda
english premier league captains wear rainbow armbands in support of lgbt community
the indian man takes care of 735 dogs that nobody else wants
smog eating tower cleans beijing ' s air
a full circle story: lost b . b . comer class ring on d day returns to its original owner sylacauga news
california woman rescued after 10 days being stranded in snow
dog saves owners life by lying on him for nearly 24 hours in freezing conditions: ' i think animals can help and his dog really kept him alive and really helped him , he was very fortunate , ' says doctor
couple shares one last dance at wedding planned by hospital staff
george h . w . bushs former service dog sully takes on a new mission
two brothers give a kidney each to total strangers through donor scheme
university of houston was named one of the most culturally diverse schools in the us .
local clothing company makes helping homeless a central part of business
duck crossing: men stop traffic to help ducklings cross the road
a dog kim jong un gave to south korea as a peace gift has had 6 puppies
[video] passerbys rush into oncoming traffic to save a child who fell off a vehicle
grandmas use discarded plastic bags to make beds for the homeless
efforts to preserve rhinos paying off
officer rappels 100 foot down ravine to rescue puppy
scientists produce self healing gel made out of bacteria killing viruses which could be used to coat medical implants and artificial joints . because bacteriophage dna can be easily edited , the viruses can also be trained to attack cancer cells , eat plastics or counteract environmental pollutants .
11 year old tennessee girl discovers 475 million year old fossil of a trilobite near a lake
world coal production just had its biggest drop on record
a squirt at 6 feet: baby giraffe to debut at los angeles zoo
pick n pay makes it easier to donate a free meal
georgia judge speech to troubled teens
congress ban restaurants from skimming on tips
i am odd , i am new: poem penned by boy with aspergers goes viral
five big environmental wins in 2016
war torn aleppo celebrates christmas in peace for the first time since the war started after getting liberated .
dedicated veteran takes service dog cross country to save his life .
we did it , reddit ! ! ! that is one happy birthday girl !
new jersey football player , matt gray gets memory for a lifetime
rebel wilson wins landmark case against gossip media in australia .
car mechanic shifts gears , becomes a doctor at age 47 and helps address shortage of black doctors
tiny homes help low income workers become homeowners in detroit
the library of congress lets you stream hundreds of free films
johns hopkins joins effort to provide free eye exams , glasses to baltimore city students
bus driver gives student the gloves off his hands , then buys more hats and gloves for the coldest kids on his route
britain says it will ditch coal power by 2025
foundation created in honor of gabriella green raises money for suicide education and prevention
my friend ' s son has cancer and has decided not to do any more chemo . he ' s way in to star wars , so the local 501st and his town put together a day to celebrate his life .
over long odds , man survives pancreatic , liver cancer
citizens of krakow have built a hive for 1500 bees in the middle of the city
man spends $65k traveling 17 countries to photograph every single war grave , offers the photos to families of fallen soldiers for free
homeless woman confronts burglar and recovers goods stolen from the shop she sleeps in front of .
woman anonymously donates $5 , 000 brooch to salvation army
pakistan plants 1 billionth tree to help reverse deforestation
making water from air wins couple $1 . 5m xprize | cbc news
the unlikely saviours of libyas roman remains
26 yo techie tackles indias water crisis , revives 12 dead water bodies
mcdonald ' s offering customers free cheeseburgers from this week
syrian refugees with darwin food truck thank australia , bridging cultural divide one falafel at a time
$1 million federal grant will help study of transgender kids
non profit creates open source drinking water filter for 1/10th of the cost
a day without murder: no one is killed in el salvador for first time in two years | world news
good samaritan pays adoption fees for virginia beach shelter pets that need homes
trump holds off reversing ban on elephant trophy imports
heroic man saves suicidal woman from jumping in front of train
new zealand government to phase out single use plastic bags within a years time
three legged pit bull seen as hero for taking bullet for family
governor lujan grisham signs marijuana decriminalization bill
hundreds of people gather to say wow like owen wilson
ohio police officer buys car seats for family in need
a california city is launching the first us experiment in basic income meet the 27 year old mayor behind it .
a minnesota teens hot dog venture got reported to authorities . then it just took off
celebrating the dignity of work
disabled vet beaten by accused turtle abusers given car
4 men home invasion , home owner manages to be unharmed . texas , us .
chicago just elected a black , openly lgbt woman as mayor . it became the largest us city ever to do so .
a treatment that has restored the movement of patients with chronic parkinson ' s disease has been developed by canadian researchers .
la county bans use of monsantos roundup weedkiller on county property over health concerns
policeman visits 93 year old man who was burgled , ends up playing him his favourite piece on the piano and it is utterly beautiful
truckers win hearts after feeding water to a thirsty 3 week old baby elephant in botswana
32 year old woman bravely saves many from gurugram highrise fire , but dies after being trapped inside
catalonia independence: puigdemont ' will not accept ' rajoy plan
this college student started mowing lawns for older residents free of charge
straight mans pickup truck goes viral for supporting pride in rural oklahoma
nj basketball community raises over $100 , 000 in less than 2 days for coach ' s 16 month old son with cancer
boston marathon bombing survivor engaged to firefighter who helped save her
doctors said she wouldnt live to her first birthday . she just went to prom with two dates .
ny little pony: city police wrangle tiny horses in the snow
' i know they are going to die . ' this foster father takes in only terminally ill children
1 man building a cathedral for 53 years .
there ' s no stopping india ' s own anand arnold , india ' s first wheelchair bodybuilder who overcame both cancer and paralysis to win more than 40 titles
chelsea handler offers to pay strangers sky high health care costs
70 year old pole dancer tomoko participating in italia ' s got talent
a fund raised in memory of philando castile , who was killed by police , pays off entire lunch debt for st . paul schools
til the city of melbourne gave email addresses to trees so locals could report problems , but they received thousands of love letters instead
san jose flood: vietnamese billionaire will donate $2 million to help victims
diu ( having population 56000 ) becomes first indian territory to run 100% on solar power
after 17 days and 1 , 000 miles , a mother orca ' s ' tour of grief ' is over
st . paul bouncer stops gunman from shooting up a bar with more than 150 people inside
jayme closs to get $25k reward money after saving herself
104 year old fisherman finds 94 year old girlfriend
bikers in england band together to deter looters and hand out supplies in flooded areas
anti islam protesters outnumbered 5 to 1 in texas
at 96 , dr . heimlich successfully uses his own maneuver on choking victim
rescue personnel pull submerged car from icy river , surprised to find driver alive inside , surviving in an air pocket for 5 hours
10 year old cancer survivor writes book to inspire others
houston boy thanks first responders who saved his life
pakistan aims to reclaim land from mafia , turn it into forests with 10 billion trees
dog rescued after three days in fox hole
synthetic diamonds from china have pushed prices down and forced de beers to invest millions of dollars on methods to identify them . even the most experienced diamantaires in the world cant tell . created in labs in a matter of weeks , synthetic diamonds are chemically identical to the real thing .
san jose flood survivors , low income homeowners get long awaited home repairs
filipino volunteer fire fighters helping to grow and keep central victoria ' s pyramid hill , population 500 , safe
at 80 , crystal lake resident continues daily 3 mile walks to beautify her neighborhood
more than 1 million floridians with felony convictions get back their right to vote today
this is uplifting for me . . .
kids help police find suspects by laying down to form a human arrow pointing the police helicopter in the direction of the fleeing robbers
hungarian immigrant zita stark is building a community in rural australia , one english class at a time
man donates to school for overdue lunches
wasn ' t the cake she expected
axiom verge publisher donating 75 percent of its share to developer ' s son ' s healthcare ign
muslim neighbours cremate hindu youth with full rites in malda , chant hari bol ( a hindu prayer verse of sorts )
how spacex plans to bring speedy broadband to the whole world
denmark cuts food waste by astounding 25% . grocery stores sell ' expired ' food for cheap
after 6 years on the lam , shelia the sheep was rescued by a local resident , who found her on the side of a road , after she was unable to move because of the heaviness of her fleece
the worlds largest cat proof fence has been completed in central australia , creating a 94 square kilometre sanctuary for endangered marsupials .
kid with autism gets his first job , becomes known as the dancing barrista
founder of china ' s tencent to give $2 billion in shares to charity
cyntoia brown released from prison after 15 years of life sentence served
muslims visit church and temples to show solidarity nation | the star online
restaurant owner meets man who robbed him instead of calling the cops: ' forgiveness is better '
illinois is expunging marijuana convictions from nearly 800 , 000 criminal records
south florida relief efforts bring aid to puerto rico &amp; families back to us
a golden retriever dog comforting many in wake of las vegas chaos
china turns on the worlds largest floating solar farm on top of abandoned coal mine
' healing ' detected in antarctic ozone hole
up uplift issues
10 year old girl walks again less than a fortnight after suffering stroke
minneapolis cops halt low level marijuana stings after racial disparity revealed
a man found an ailing bird but was too intoxicated to drive it to the rescue center so he called an uber and sent the bird alone .
the beauty of what happened 23 years after they said yes
i think i might be your daughter: u . s . woman stirs hopes she could be montreal baby missing since 1978
amazon raises minimum wage to $15 for all us employees
therapy dog ' milli ' is a popular , calming presence at indep . elementary school
florida football players attend 6 year old boy ' s birthday party when no one else would
how a warm hearted man sculpted a heart of ice for the american heart association
little hero: aussie boy ' gave sick brother another 44 days to live ' by donating his bone marrow
3 year old boy missing in freezing weather for 3 days found alive
lego to produce braille kits to help blind children learn through play
kerala floods this is ramesh from dharmapuri , india he donated 5 baskets of guava when he saw the collection drive in bangalore . this was everything he was planning to sell this evening . [x post r/kerala &amp; r/india}
special needs michigan man becomes eagle scout at 61
gambia and tanzania outlaw child marriage
the economy of personal goals
wisconsin high school senior buys roses for every girl at his school
bill gates donates $6m for cassava and rice farming in nigeria
99 year old gets first hole in one at marin county golf club story
mike rowe uses simple logic to shut up critic who didnt like what he said about orlando
great change to legislation that allows donation of unused prescription medications to patients in need
for kids getting busted for running lemonade stands without permits , these guys are here to help
[health] [paywall] engineered virus to be tested as treatment for incurable cancers
woman helps man short on cash at wawa , finds out he ' s keith urban
i lost my camera on mount etna , and the internet helped find it
ancient grave in alberta farmer ' s field unearths historical mystery
hospital volunteers created some amazing costumes for patients in wheelchairs for halloween
philly cop creates beautiful portrait of robert godwin , sr .
global child mortality rate dropped 49% since 1990
the families of the 22 people killed in the manchester arena bombing will each receive 250 , 000 from money donated by members of the public .
nasa says earth is greener today than 20 years ago thanks to china and india
1st us penis transplant could bring hope to maimed soldiers
rescued thai soccer team said to be generally in good condition and showing no signs of stress
stolen baby found alive in south carolina 18 years on bbc news
the spirit of giving: tustin 7th graders help crossing guard replace damaged car [orange county , california]
a little dog in japan chased the google streetview car and ended up thoroughly documented on the map . much mapping . very chase . so territorial . oh wow .
nj teen looks for help reuniting with surprise parking lot dance off partner
heartwarming video of gas station employee dancing with elderly customer going viral
china ' s rare milu deer return in victory for conservation
1 ) an entrepreneur is sending thousands of bikes to children in rural myanmar . 2 ) animals thought to be extinct have been rediscovered in the jungles of honduras . 3 ) renewable energy now accounts for 1/3 of global power capacity . 4 ) south korean school gives illiterate older women the chance to read .
rodney robinson , 2019 national teacher of the year , on creating " equitable culture " in classrooms
in chile , dogs help kids with autism on their dentist visits
the nun campaigning for gay rights
how this florida man used poker to pay moms medical bills
friends of 10 year old boy with cerebral palsy help him to victory
little girl empties change to buy milk for classmate , " her mom doesn ' t have money for milk , i do .
new zealand government passes healthy homes bill , requiring all rentals to be warm and dry
africa ' s unsung scientists finally get their own journal to spread research
iceland to ban palm oil in their own brand products
this indian restaurant in canada offers free meals to anyone who cant afford to pay
jean whittle is turning 90 and has found true love , meeting her beau at the bus stop
catching just a small whiff of your partner ' s scent can reduce stress levels , researchers discover
dozens of dogs adopted , rescued after city shelter hits capacity
iraqi christians in collaboration with muslims erect large cross in area liberated from isis
how rugby league player dean widders stared racism in the face and won ( x post /r/nrl )
philly man starts walking to raise money for chop . raised about $17 , 000 so far
homeless hero who helped stranger , buys home with money from fundraiser
us marines annihilate school children in nerf battle
formerly abused dog saves life of abused toddler
scotland will become the first country in the world to embed the teaching of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex rights in the school curriculum , in what campaigners have described as a historic moment
cashier makes day of boy with cerebral palsy
jurors pay fine for undocumented immigrant they just convicted of jewelry theft
an affordable , futuristic electric car will finally hit the streets in 2017
drugmaker teva to pay $85 million to settle oklahoma opioid lawsuit
13 year old named americas top young scientist for drastically improving pancreatic cancer treatment
an orca dolphin got stuck on sharp rocks and was crying until a group of men did this
principal visits the home of every student who attends her school
long island man gets a hole in one at same hole where he previously suffered a heart attack
for the first time in 35 years , no children were murdered in the city of sacramento last year
back in july , warren buffett donated $3 . 4 billion to charity , which makes a total $30 . 9 billion buffett has given in charitable donations since the year 2006 .
in response to a complaint about a kid ' s hot dog stand , health inspectors help kid get up to code .
gilead will donate truvada to u . s . for h . i . v . prevention
vaccination opt outs have declined in many us states
james gunn returning to direct ' guardians of the galaxy 3 ' after firing
iraq war veteran creates wheelchair snow plow
chimp hugs woman who saved her from a research lab 25 years ago .
subway passengers are handing out badges to tackle loneliness
firefighters rescue a dog off a cliff in sf
multiple mcdonalds ( sweden ) are helping to improve the alarming decline of honey bees worldwideusing their roof to build beehives , and changing the grass areas to flowers to attract the bees . for world bee day on 5/20 mcdonald ' s had a perfect to scale replica of their store made into a beehive .
a dutch ' boy genius ' said he could get the ocean to clean itself . turns out , he ' s right .
makakilo woman grateful after wallet returned with rent money still inside
a man sent a big mac burger into space . really . then he ate it !
a new home has been found for a dog dubbed the unluckiest dog in scotland after spending five years in an animal shelter
hunter s . thompson ' s widow returns antlers he stole from hemingway in 1964
kenyan couple treated to lavish ceremony after $1 wedding
13 year old skipping middle and high school to attend college
b . c . family asks for help finding special kd for their autistic son , and the internet responds
sweet couple , ages 92 and 104 , named irma and harvey
this woman needed a kidney and found it on tinder
he spent 27 years wrongly convicted of murder . he wants to spend the rest encouraging inmates to read
one dog saved his life; another gave it purpose , so he created an online site , petwill , that allows you to say what you want to happen to your pets if you die or are incapacitated .
10 year old boy donates 3 , 000 comics to deployed soldiers gets a day he won ' t forget in return
seahawks linebacker surprises oregon boy with new running prosthetic
women building new homes for local families in need
report: dea agents had sex parties with prostitutes hired by drug cartels
a major initiative to protect more than one quarter of the chinese mainland from growth and pollution is underway: the area is almost the size of france , spain , turkey , germany and italy combined , totaling more than 2 . 4 million square kilometers
westlake woman went from ' private benjamin ' to dedicated soldier
flash mob raises more than $13k for mom with cancer
photos from ireland , as yes supporters celebrate vote to legalize abortion
ex stripper inherits $223 , 000 from former customer with whom she ' d had an ' everlasting friendship '
quest exceeds 1 million metric tons of co2 stored
crews rescue two dogs from whittier burn area
heroine of heroin mails antidote to reduce opioid overdoses | nbc left field
georgia boy grows out hair for 2 years to make wig for friend with hair loss disorder
south korean court rules ban on abortion as unconstitutional
gofundme campaign to save chucky , the hero dog who was hit by a car
the first syrian family to be resettled in the united states will soon start a new life in kansas city
morehouse commencement speaker to pay off class of 2019s student loans
dedicated worker receives car from ceo after walking all night to work
stranger helps man on subway after seeing him relearning math to help his son
atlanta drivers return spilled cash
boy gives his wii to grieving cops to ' make them feel better '
parents no longer can claim personal , philosophical exemption for measles vaccine in wash .
after a month of threatening not to step down , the ex president of gambia leaves for exile , allowing for first peaceful transfer of power
5 year old maryville girl uses birthday money to help harvey victims
instead if visiting white house warriors visit president obama
a dog and a cat were resuscitated at a house fire this morning .
nz police move swan out of harm ' s way
belen police thank mcdonald ' s employee for kind note
organ donation from 10 year old central california girl will help 80 people
woman battling cancer chooses life for baby girl . gives birth before surgery that would have ended pregnancy .
man shows gratitude for 400 u . s . troops at airport by buying them all dinner
u . s . added 200 , 000 jobs in january; unemployment at 4 . 1%
heart melting moment poorly five year old is told hell be getting a new heart
purity of cocaine in europe at highest level in decade , report finds
argentinas pia mancini is using technology to destroy barriers between politicians and people around the world
medical student volunteers to live in a nursing home for 10 days in order to gain empathy for future patients
50 cent donates $100k to austism speaks after backlash of viral video
us agency reaches ' holy grail ' of battery storage sought by elon musk and gates
solar powered electric bike cars elf and pebl might just be weird enough to work
student donates bone marrow anonymously to save child with leukemia ' s life , pair finally meet
a rare southern white rhino was born at the gulf breeze , fl zoo
abandoned dog gets a full time job at a petrol station
our friend jason has almost ran across america . he ' s legally blind too . amazing story !
utah ' life saving ' dog goes viral after she appears in high school yearbook
chess program creates state championship team in rural mississippi
south korea ' s president calls the trump kim border summit the ' start of an era of peace '
puppy revived with narcan after eating discarded opioid
formerly homeless teen is accepted to stanford university
preschoolers donate more than 1 , 300 books for charity
lyft offers free rides to warming shelters in the midwest
dog injured in fire recovering fro smoke inhalation
red suited man on a sled rescues a deer on frozen pond
tokyo 2020 unveils olympic medals made from old electronics
india on gulf outreach as injured yemeni soldiers ready to fly in; biggest contingent seeking medical help to arrive in delhi next week
spiderman brings smiles to young and old
a teenager dying of cancer had a final wish: to marry his childhood sweetheart
just saw this on the local news , one of the reasons i like reddit . . .
cool new theory of parkinson ' s disease explains how it starts , develops and leads to all the variety of symptoms we see
hair salon is nurturing stop on a patients journey: for almost 20 years , uncle henry has been providing free wig styling and low cost wigs to women undergoing chemotherapy for breast cancer , as well as those with other medical conditions .
turkish garbage collectors open library with abandoned books
' not race . not gender . just american ' : african american waitress gets a huge $450 tip from cowboy hat wearing trump supporters who were in the capital for his inauguration
u . s . greenhouse gas emissions lowest since 1994
a sweet tale . . . about 2 cats who really want to get into an art museum &amp; the gentle security guard who defends the entrance . . . w/embedded links to photos/vids .
teenager gets stopped by california police while walking home from work it changes his life: ' the community just had an outpouring of love for him '
boy gives his wii to grieving cops to make them feel better
all thai boys including the coach are rescued !
genetically enhanced fungus killed 99% of malaria causing mosquitos in trial
odessa , texas residents become family for fallen vietnam veteran
60 years was not enough: what my grandparent ' s bad marriage taught me about life
u . s . military vet receives world ' s first total penis , scrotum transplant
neighbors scrub hate messages before family sees them
8 year old cancer survivor bags gold in table tennis in the world childrens winners games 2019 held in moscow
high school football players lift truck off woman pinned underneath . the woman was struck while protecting her daughter . bystanders called for help and these young men came to the rescue .
japans uncle fist loses money every week selling takoyaki to kids for just 10 yen , doesnt care
man starts building 10km road so his children could come home from school , local bulletin picks it up , government finds out and promises to finish road for him
saudi arabia arrests 11 princes , including billionaire prince alwaleed bin talan
love is not an optional extra " australian christian school slaps down parents complaints about gay teachers
ear implant woman helps bangladesh kids
oc man overcomes gang life to become doctor
liberal mp mauril belanger , diagnosed with als has been chosen to fulfill his life long dream as house of commons speaker of the house for a day
amazon will give employees $10 , 000 and 3 months pay to set up their own delivery firm to help fulfill its one day shipping promise
police officer finds a stray kitten and cuddles with her all night so she wont be alone
paralympians to earn equal payouts as olympians in the usa
benny the mystery philanthropist hides $100 bills . so far , hes given away more than $55 , 000 .
12 , 500 belgian teenagers skipped school today to go to the climate protest " youth for climate " in brussels . they did this last thursday as well and will continue doing so every thursday until politicians react .
high school football team greets cheerleader battling leukemia with roses
groomer saves dog with cpr
japan ' s women of the sea hope g7 will boost their dying way of life
cleveland public library , which has over 10 millions items , is ending fines for overdue materials to promote free and equal access to all the people .
massive eradication effort ends rodents ' reign of terror on forbidding isle
this piano crosswalk was painted by a group of strangers with no training but a lot of harmony
the big bang theory might end after season 10
mother saves children from fire by throwing them over balcony to neighbors
knoxville police officer mows woman ' s lawn after her mower was stolen
man buys turtles from food market and releases them back to the sea
islands " morph " to withstand sea level rise , new study shows . pacific island nations once thought doomed will survive .
2 teens missing for nearly a year found alive in upstate new york
a dream comes true sarajevo cable car runs again after 26 years
azim premji makes most generous donation in indian history , donates shares worth $7 . 5b to support philanthropic activities , with his total contribution now accounting to over $21b .
nuclear power can save the world
groundbreaking facial surgery for ' hope ' the rhino | nearly a year after poachers in south africa hacked off her horn and left her for dead , six year old rhino " hope " has undergone a groundbreaking procedure to close the wound on her face .
when a dad needed a new kidney , his children ' s teachers donated theirs sparking a donor chain that saved not only his life , but seven others ' lives , too
massachusetts bill would outlaw practice of declawing cats
teenagers mount rescue operation for kangaroo stranded in deep mud
us border agents rescue canadians from ontario house fire
dog rescued from kill shelter hugs owner
she hesitated to sing the national anthem at the lincoln memorial . then , she slayed .
bakery thief eats bread , cakes for 4 hours before taking money . publicity from the robbery lead to increased sales and owner says , " if you turn yourself in to police , i ' ll forgive you and give you cakes .
us coal consumption to hit rock bottom , lowest level in 39 years
make a wish grants wish to 12 year old that wants to " blow stuff up " ( x post r/til )
an irish farmer travels to africa and sees for himself how his late father ' s gift of a cow has transformed the life of a rwandan family
man finds stolen marimba on craigslist and purchases it to turn it into police
canadian mother reunited with kidnapped son after 31 years
designers volunteer to beautify family homeless shelter
this internship pays you $100 an hour to pet puppies
russian lgbt faction steps up to rescue gay men out of chechnya
how do you live when you know you are close to death ? oregon blogger ronni bennett shares her journey .
tesla owner sacrifices his car to save driver having a stroke
cat finds forever friend in firefighter who saved her from california wildfires
irish man ' s unique way of proposing to his partner is just lovely
two days into adoption event , all rescued animals find homes
troopers surprise 10 year old boy when nobody shows up to his birthday party
bronx born man helps organize planes filled with generators , politicians ( and even chocolate milk ) to puerto rico
indian cricketer to bear education expenses of slain armed forces personnel ' s children
this 6 year old kid made $11 million in one year reviewing toys on you tube
city helps teen get permit for hot dog stand instead of shutting it down
starving stray dog treated to lifetime of food ' dates '
mystery man pays off all layaway items at local walmart
target unveils wheelchair friendly halloween costumes for children
the alligator wars begin
thousands of las vegas casino workers will get panic buttons to report sexual harassers
wildlife reserve worker dresses up in panda costume and plays with cubs to get them ready for release into the wild
extremely rare leopard is beating the odds , seeing a rise in population
arkansas state troopers surprise 10 year old after no one came to his birthday party
meet the kerala fisherman who has removed 3 . 5 tonnes of plastic from the sea
surgeons separate conjoined twins for free because parents couldn ' t pay .
faith based organizations promote well being in underserved communities
woo hoo ! finally got a donation !
officers in homestead , pa buy dinner for couple that requested to be seated away from them .
researchers are hopeful of a cure for hiv after treating the first patient with a promising new treatment that could kill all traces of the virus .
irish teenager invents method to remove microplastics from water , wins international science award
cash backing to ' remake ' scotland a waste free economy the cash is from the scottish institute for remanufacture , supported by the government , to create a waste free , " circular " economy . remanufacturing is a process that takes old but high value products and restores them to an as new condition .
friendship bench program proves effective at alleviating mental illness symptoms
daughter ' s story of a kind taxi driver that spared her mother pain the day he lost his own brother
9 year old entrepreneur lands million dollar contract with whole foods
limo driver stops on brooklyn bridge to save tiny dog
patrons of california shop buy doughnuts by the dozen to give owner time with wife
a 310 year old spanish shipwreck carrying treasure that might be worth up to $17 billion was discovered off the coast of colombia with the help of an underwater robot
102 year old woman becomes the oldest skydiver in the world as she jumps out of plane for charity
a woman ' s petition to broadcast the tragically hip ' s final concert has exceeded its goal by 25 , 000 as of today . ( article 5 days old )
french senagalese director mati diop became the first black female director to win a cannes ' award in it ' s 72 year history .
researchers release endangered crows into the forests of south pacific island
lost at sea and feared dead , dog found on island after 5 weeks : the two way : npr
the simple acts of care that could help premature babies develop
massachusetts woman spends lottery winnings to help homeless man get out of the freezing cold
police raise $5k to replace teens stolen college fund
us judge halts hundreds of drilling projects in groundbreaking climate change ruling
last saturday , a ninth of europe ' s energy demands were met by wind power only
turtle hatchlings released into sea
this daughter ' s lifesaving gift for father ' s day puts ties and cologne to shame
she couldn ' t afford a present for her teacher , so she gave her lucky charms marshmallows
male birth control contraline birth control alternative to vasectomy for men
after their story aired , community steps up to get tree off home of two elderly sisters
australian medical scientist robyn devenish has been saving lives in cambodia for nearly two decades
disabled passenger brought to tears as hostess kneels to feed him
approx 23 per cent of qatar area is nature reserve
nigerian bobsled team qualifies for pyeongchang olympics
taylor swift treats arizona foster kids to private concert &amp; pizza party
man pushes girlfriend from plane , saves her life before dying in crash
syrian refugees say thanks to canada with new year ' s blood drive
phil anschutz donates $1 million to elton john aids foundation
baby born at 1 pound 4 ounces lives
local news story about a homeless man offering his coat to a cold teenager
things don ' t get more canadian than this
barack obama shows up in chicago for jury duty; not chosen
sikh man defends 15 y/o polish teenager who have been attacked .
stranger swaps pants with high school graduate in the parking lot outside of the ceremony so that he could cross the stage
between november 2016 and november 2017 , there were 20 deaths by suicide on the flathead indian reservation in montana . the arlee warriors , from arlee , mt ( population ~600 ) , decided to dedicate their boys class c state championship tournament run to raising suicide awareness and battling suicide .
hear a c span caller admit own racism , ask for help
' india ' s renewables to double by 2022 , overtake eu expansion ' , says international energy agency
teens shoveling snow for cash save strangers life
chick fil a cashier holds onto $3 in change to give back weeks later
switzerland votes to phase out nuclear power in favour of renewables
guy carries old lady across the street , wins hearts everywhere
two boys carjacked an 80 year old baltimore city councilwoman . now she ' s their advocate .
hpv vaccine has major impact on reducing infections , cancer , study finds
the telegraph | siue student donating 900 books to nigerian university
the open source group trying to " de google " the internet
tiny therapy horses have big shock on hurting humans
private pilot julio canales is using his own small plane to fly aid to remote areas of puerto rico that the national guard can ' t reach
african teens inspired , motivated by basketball without borders . for one intense week , 40 boys and 20 girls from 29 african countries were chosen for a highly selective program to train with current and former players from nba and wnba
newfoundland kitchen party breaks out at toronto airport after flight delayed
canada to provide life saving health care to children affected by u . s . travel ban
3 win nobel chemistry prize for world ' s tiniest machines
newborn kidnapped from hospital in 1998 found alive
flyers practice rink employee goes from being one year removed from collegiate club hockey to a chicago blackhawk for a day
5 st . paul officers fired; accused of not stopping assault
another quebec town turns to beet juice to battle icy roads
' dad bod ' calendar raises money for florida man with inoperable brain tumor
7th grader wins $15k at county fair , donates all of it to st . jude ' s
165 german shepherds rescued by the atlanta humane societys animal cruelty unit . the owner of the property was arrested and is facing animal cruelty charges .
new zealand bans single use plastic bags
walmart has announced it will fund college degrees for its u . s . workforce
intern saves struggling museum with exciting discovery
couple who lost everything in fire wins $1 million lottery
five hiv patients left ' virus free ' with no need for daily drugs in early vaccine trials
doctor takes break from giving birth to help deliver another baby
bill to eliminate religious and philosophical exemptions to maine vaccine requirements becomes law
deshaun watson donates 1st game check to cafeteria workers affected by hurricane harvey
homeless fort wayne veteran with no family receives military funeral
young man raises money to help homeless in humboldt park
man walks lost kittens around neighborhood until momma cat hears them and they are reunited
can reddit help to make things uplifting for this brave fighter ? ( address for cards can be found in the article . )
westjet pilot orders pizza for rerouted air canada passengers in fredericton
a shark that was disguised by thieves and abducted from an aquarium in a pram has been found after the public helped track down the robbers . the horn shark , known as miss helen , is now recovering
xpost: reddit sleuth identifies car part , leading to hit and run arrest
ohio woman wakes up after being taken off ventilator , goes home
nypd detectives collect hundreds of prom dresses and accessories , donate them to needy families
israel grants entry for iranian journalist facing death penalty
after initial tests in us , facebook rolls out ai for suicide prevention globally with the exception of the eu , to detect suicidal posts before they ' re reported
how tech helped winston salem quit tobacco politico magazine
scientists grow perfect human blood vessels in a petri dish
finally: a public masturbation booth just for men !
uk university includes family of therapy labradors on panel interviewing applicants so they get used to humans and prospective vets get used to them
massachusetts kids win a landmark climate ruling
power has been restored to all of puerto rico for the first time since hurricane maria struck nearly 11 months ago , officials said tuesday
microsoft will require suppliers to offer paid parental leave in a move that could prompt more companies to offer paid parental leave , microsoft is announcing today that it will require all of its u . s . based suppliers and vendors with more than 50 employees to offer such benefits .
108 year old offers the most beautiful reason for her long life " just love one another . . . " she has spread that love over the 108 years by fostering 50 children .
spca ' s rent a dog program expands in florida . the free program allows you to take a dog on a 3 to 4 hour adventure and give a shelter pup a little field trip .
india ' s toilet coverage rose from 40% to 90% in past 4 years because of ' swachh bharat mission '
everest climbers ' lives saved by chance encounter
germany launches world ' s first hydrogen powered train
dedicated math teacher loses cancer battle , continues ' teaching ' on youtube
dogs offer reading support &amp; comfort for children community members with specially trained support dogs proposed the dog ears program at the grand junction library , and it has been a big hit with young readers
teen with 101 . 6 gpa got into all 8 ivy league schools plus four other prestigious ones
octopus slips out of aquarium tank &amp; escapes down a pipe to the ocean
indianapolis installs tiny ramps to save ducklings from drowning
world ' s tallest tropical trees discovered
stranded sperm whale safely returned to deep sea in east java
bartender helps woman find stolen wallet and ring , then helps the thief , who turns out to be 17 year old homeless kid
theres a growing political push to make more buildings bird safe
officer killed 3 days ago . cops come from all over to take his kid trick or treating last night .
womans horror after throwing engagement ring into sea one day after proposal but neighbours save the day !
in kolkata , a college admission form allows you to choose ' humanity ' as religion
boy previously kicked out of boy scouts for being transgender is back to scouting
25 texas mosques open their doors to harvey survivors
travis rudolph: fsu wr eats lunch with boy with autism
community searching for child who sent dead dad a christmas letter by balloon
what a guy
baby born on jet airways gifted free flights for life
socal high school baseball player ruben marin was shot in the leg while walking home from a party . he thought he would never play ball again , but thanks to perseverance , hard work and a prosthetic leg , he is back on the field .
stacey cunningham set to become first woman to lead new york stock exchange
percival the peacock protects chicken flock with fabulous feather frock
young indian boy accidentally runs over a young chicken with his bicycle and rushes it to the hospital immediately with his whole pocket money of 10 ( $0 . 15 ) . goes viral .
following 30 years of public health efforts , malaysia has become the first country in the western pacific to reduce mother to child transmission of hiv and syphilis
witnesses lift car to free man pinned in crash
first baby born via uterus transplanted from dead donor
b . ed entrance result 2017
a decade later , doctor and nurse reunite with woman they saved
mobile vet clinics hit the road in istanbul to treat stray animals
utah deputy punches through frozen pond to rescue boy on christmas day
non addictive opioid painkiller with no side effects is on the verge of discovery .
16 isis terrorists killed due to explosive belt malfunction near kirkuk
turkey has tested a new air bomb mk 84
new software to help indian police snare human traffickers; burma to benefit
berlin nightclubs raise $40 000 for refugees by asking people on a guestlist to donate $1 on entry
in january , not a single person in estonia died as a result of a crime .
this sweet mcdonalds employee paid for a customers meal when she forgot her wallet [reading , oh]
ikea is launching low cost smart window blinds
7 year old deaf and blind boy experiences music for the first time
chinese mother who refused to give up disabled son nurtures him all the way to harvard
lifespan extended , health improved in mice by " senolytic " drugs
couple found whale vomit chunk
eu to give free interrail train passes to 30 , 000 teens: the european commission has set aside a sum of cash to provide young europeans turning 18 this year with a free interrail pass . the special ticket allows the user to travel across europe on almost any train .
crowd catches teen who fell 25 feet from new york park ride
fire took their restaurants but left them friendship and the power of forgiveness
obama ' s name to replace jefferson davis ' on mississippi school
new facebook tool combats political divisiveness by helping you make 10 new friends with different perspectives
new zealand bikers perform haka dance in honor of christchurch victims
michigan deputy pays for gas for stranded family , " my job is it make sure youre safe ,
65 thousand iraqi soldiers ready for mosul liberation battle
wedding ' haka ' moves new zealand maori bride to tears
indian diamond merchant gives 1 , 260 cars , 400 flats to employees as diwali gifts
grandmother of disabled boy who has never been invited to a party desperately appeals for children to come to his fifth birthday fearing nobody will show up
king the friendly cat becoming a ' legend ' around beachside brighton cafes and jetty
teen with terminal cancer to marry high school sweetheart
really glad to see an organization in my state doing something for mental health !
scientific american announces breakthrough discovery: aging in human cells is reversible
share good deeds on the catching karma app !
' sorry it wasn ' t enough ' unknown firefighter leaves heartbreaking tribute to grenfell tower victims saying weve never worked harder . we gave everything
after her husbands passing , woman adopts dying dog that " no one wanted
tennessee boy takes first steps in 6 years
libyan factions sign u . n . deal to form unity government
paraguay man with massive tumors has life changing surgery in california
keanu reeves helps people out and hangs out with them after their plane emergency lands .
two young hawaiian monk seals returned to the french frigate shoals today after rehabilitation at ke kai ola in kona .
manchester man donates 200 water bottles to hospitals after mains leak
tears of joy and high fives at kijabe hospital as a young girl excitedly marked the end of her cancer treatment by ringing a bell .
giant lily pads have reappeared in a paraguay lagoon after being listed as endangered in 2006 .
shopper ' s random act of kindness for woman delights the internet
norways electric car demand is outstripping supply
ted williams , the homeless man with the golden voice , is sober again and has a steady job on the radio .
qatar to adopt first renewable energy strategy
former vietnamese refugee pays it forward by sponsoring syrian family of eight
the bishop of the anglican church of canada , diocese of huron will permit same sex marriage starting august 1st
wild animals to be banned from english circuses by 2020
researchers have created a powerful new molecule for the extraction of salt from liquid . the work has the potential to help increase the amount of drinkable water on earth . the new molecule is about 10 billion times improved compared to a similar structure created over a decade ago .
scottish baby box pilot scheme launched
girl uses first aid learned by reading ' hunger games ' to help friend who tore leg open
cops say a would be kidnapper chased a woman into a karate studio . that was a bad move . @cnn
105 year old woman requests hunky firefighters for her birthday party
the adult brain does grow new neurons after all if the memory center of the human brain can grow new cells , it might help people recover from depression and post traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) , delay the onset of alzheimers , and deepen our understanding of epilepsy .
meet delhi ' s good samaritan: 76 year old man who runs free auto ambulance service
a us company owner gave an employee a new car after he went the extra mile 20 miles ( 32km ) in fact , walking all night to make his first day at work .
australia on track to become first country to completely eliminate cervical cancer
more and more stores are creating a purple parking spot for wounded veterans
new amazon building in seattle will include a homeless shelter
nhl goalie pays tribute to war vet fan that passed away last season .
police officers purchase bicycle for teen who had a 2 hour walk to work
locals use the us mexico border fence as a net for an annual volleyball game .
group of youtube call of duty gamers raise over $200 , 000 for charity in one day in an all day livestream event known as easter eggs for charity ( ee4c )
crowdfunding project to save endangered seabird
washington states three national parks receive $1 million donation from woman who loved the outdoors .
colorado law would bar convicted animal abusers from owning pets
heart warming footage captures overjoyed child , 7 , dancing around the room when hes told hes finally beaten cancer .
[update] dog rescued after being trapped in a well is released from icu and allowed to go home .
agroecology is helping 100 , 000 farmers in the sahel become more resilient to climate change
community college e sports team of part time students competing with , beating teams from four year universities
mugabe resigns: zimbabwe celebrates end of an era ( of totalitarian rule )
a charity ' s radical experiment: giving 6 , 000 kenyans enough money to escape poverty for a decade
37 million rupiah raised for 94 year old banana seller who was robbed
even though the fine bros trademark request has been accepted , by law the public has 30 days to protest against it . learn how .
chinese researchers discovered an agricultural miracle that could feed the planet without destroying it
baby elephant rejected by herd finds new family , and a dog .
puppy rescued after being stranded more than a week on island in springfield ' s mckenzie river
rochester police to hand out vouchers in place of tickets for broken headlights
wally krauss , 93 yr old youtube piano player recently discovered on reddit , now has over 1 . 7 mil views
supreme court to hear lgbt workplace discrimination cases
north carolina cops responding to complaint join in on the slip and slide fun
fbi to track animal abuse like it tracks homicide
valedictorians mom has cancer so school holds graduation early
teaching pakistan ' s poor how to read
man stops traffic on a busy motorway to rescue a kitten
scientists found a way to use tiny spring magnets to harmlessly dissolve microplastics in water
pope francis: atheists who follow their consciences will be welcome in heaven
good samaritan gives shirt off his back to shivering homeless man on nyc train
terribly proud of my hometown state house representative race
bears could be returning to ancient woods in the uk for the first time in more than 1 , 000 years .
china set to surpass its climate targets as renewables soar
pat neshek will autograph a printed out blog post if you mail it to him
coral gardening is benefiting caribbean reefs , study finds
105 year old thanked by woman she rescued during ww2
muslim women ' inspired by rosa parks ' defy burkini ban at french pool
an illinois cop was called to remove a teen trespassing at the gym , he instead bought the teen a gym membership .
a teen might pick the landing site for nasa ' s next mars rover
4 day old baby among migrants rescued from mediterranean sea
southwest airlines employee interrupts passengers to serenade mother of fallen trooper
wife ' s recording of husband snoring becomes a hit on spotify
til that there are more museums in the us than mcdonalds and starbucks combined
israel is to begin recognising same sex marriage as an equal route to citizenship
high school football team stages beautiful tribute for cheerleader battling leukemia
diver has frequent cuddle sessions with port jackson shark
tennessee man who had his proposal plans derailed by car accident doesn ' t let his injuries prevent him from getting down on one knee .
family donates shirts to change cancer patient ' s lives
fargo va grants a dying veteran a final wish
copyright isn ' t a divine right . " what ' s your take on this ?
kitten stowaway gets first class treatment on offshore taranaki gasfield rig
california man who spent 39 years in prison gets $21 million for wrongful conviction
mtv launches drive to get young people to vote
william maillis is an 11 years old american youngster who graduated from college two years after high school , becoming one of the youngest college graduates . he wants to complete his doctorate at 18 , becoming an astrophysicist so he can prove to the world that god does exist through science .
afghan boy who had plastic bag messi shirt meets his idol
a legend diagnosed cancer
' homer can help you ' : war veterans use ancient epics to cope
blind busker has all of his musical equipment stolen by thieves . over 2 , 000 raised in one day to pay for new equipment .
four cases of racist politicians getting ' milkshaked ' on camera .
8th grade teacher improves students ' concentration with desk cycles
in indonesia , a mosque and a church foster friendship amid religious tensions
americans raise $600 , 000 to rebuild burned texas mosque
bride asks man with father ' s heart to walk her down aisle on wedding day | 10 years prior , the man received her father ' s heart in a life saving operation
chance encounter reunites utah man with dominican birth family
valet staff at vcu massey cancer center recognized for their hard work yall mean more than just a job . . . . because when people are going through a rough time , just a smile , opening up a door . . . thats a really big deal to some people .
' what can i get for $2 ? ' : bartender gives hungry homeless man free burger and fries
go inside n . j . ' s senior dog sanctuary , where they live out their days with respect ( and couches )
manchester united to partner with lgbt inclusion charity stonewall
a maui yoga instructor who vanished weeks ago after a hike has been found
ikea has completed the replanting of three million rainforest trees at luasong in east coast sabah , borneo , as part of its efforts to rehabilitate the degraded forest since 1998 .
funeral home gives mom headstone for 2 year old son after 9 years in layaway
pilot orders pizza for passengers diverted by storm
complete strangers show up to celebrate birthday with little boy after his uncle post on facebook that none of boys friends showed up to his birthday party
brewability lab , a pilot program to teach developmentally disabled adults how to work in a brewery . also a list of charitable acts by various breweries over the last year .
major u . s . phone companies agree to plan to combat endless robocalls
budding clothing line provides lifeline for african refugee starting over in lancaster
hearne teachers create ' hope chest ' to ensure students aren ' t priced out of attending prom
lego ' s christmas gift to employees: double salary in december
shot and left for dead , a pit bull used as bait dog finds a perfect owner , who ' s missing a limb , too
sunscreen ban one step closer to becoming law: unscreen is meant to protect us from the harmful rays of the sun , but studies show oxybenzone and octinoxate , two chemicals in many sunscreens , are hurting our environment .
cupcake the cat delivered alive and well after eight days in the post
banned dog now library ' staff member '
couple stumble on 1950s suitcase full of cash hidden in a wall while renovating basement
cops pick up bill for diners who didnt want to sit near them
first responders aid man suffering heart attack , then help finish his yard work
japan ' s attempt to overturn commercial whaling ban fails
video shows minnesota man crawling over ice so he can save a deer
golden retriever bitten by rattlesnake protecting owner while on hike
delta pilots turn around to get family to funeral
49ers bring fire struck paradise high school team to game via bus
jetblue caps direct flight ticket prices out of florida at $99 ahead of hurricane irma
man braves ice cold water to save dog from drowning in crimea ( video )
burger scamming dog pretends she ' s a stray to get mcdonald ' s
personal trainer gains 70 pounds to lose weight with client .
anonymous woman donates $238 , 000 diamond to help nonprofit in character education for schools
texas woman wakes up to yard decorated with christmas lights
a few less poachers to murder endangered species !
blind dog found after missing for 8 days in the santa cruz mountains
texas police department names a 9 year old boy fighting liver cancer as its honorary captain .
saudis to open sports stadiums to women in reform push
train engine runs on its own , loco pilot chases it down in a motorbike
paralyzed but determined: booker t . washington student walks in his high school graduation
animated game seeks to keep a dying aboriginal language alive
dog who waits 12 hours at train station for owner to come home every day wins hearts
italy called on friday for coal power plants across the country to be phased out by 2025 and for renewable energy to play a greater role as it moves to reduce its carbon footprint .
gentle excavator saves deer [x post from r/hunting u/deedee _78]
the rescue of an exhausted and frightened juvenile bison from the ocean off hanalei beach park wednesday represented both the ongoing trauma of kauais storm victims and the efforts of people who continue to pull together to help those who need it most .
a lesson in forgiveness: governor pardons fourth grader who swiped pen from capitol
america ' s getting more tolerant and haters hate it
truck driver helps woman left stranded in australian outback with a flat tyre
rogue cat named pepper rescued after running loose in jfk airport for eight days
9 year old organizes vigil for man her father is charged with murdering
canadian bike mechanic wins 100 kilometre bike race , after 312 day trek to get there
mom preserves son ' s legacy by publishing his children ' s book after his death | cbc news
students in ukraine learn how to spot fake stories , propaganda and hate speech
couple weds midflight so mom with stage 4 cancer can attend
interpol rescues dozens of child slaves from markets in west africa .
dogs destined to be slaughtered for food rescued by animal aid workers
colorado sanctuary an unlikely home for rescued lions , tigers , and bears
94 year old woman celebrates 44 years at mcdonald ' s job
metro buses converted into mobile food markets for low income neighborhoods
pennsylvania man takes dying dog on bucket list adventure
crooning orderly relaxes patients with frank sinatra and nat king cole
farmers in india are using ai to increase crop yields . 30% higher yields . microsoft news center
hidden population of up to 200 lions found in remote ethiopia [x post /r/worldnews]
' freakish miracle ' : new zealand fisherman pulls drowning toddler from ocean
texas approves 1 . 6 billion dollar deal for teacher raises .
with 1 in 67 million chance , canadian couple expecting identical quadruplets
cannabis oil saves boy , 7 , so he can learn about father christmas for first time
help program provides homeless with hope . with the jobs through this program , the average worker made $38 , 000 in 2015
rhonda farley says she ' s just another mom . but those who know her say she is so much more than that . " saint , " " queen , " and " great woman " are all superlatives used to describe her .
a naked restaurant will be opened in london which is going to be free from phones , electric lights and clothing
healthy social life could ward off dementia , study shows
teen overcomes homelessness , accepted to 17 colleges
yo yo ma played a private hospital show for the adult turpin children
2 , 358 pets in florida find homes during the ' clear the shelters ' adoption drive
return of the cat man of aleppo
patients like this are what bring me to work every day .
as americorps turns 25 , it will provide $172 million in scholarships to those who serve
the weather channel names next storm after stephen colbert
north carolina man cheats death after 40 minutes with no pulse bbc news
wife crashes her own funeral horrifying husband who paid to have her killed
man saves his son from burning home
68 coles supermarkets across australia have introduced " quiet hour " once a week where music and announcements cease and store lighting is dimmed so that people with autism or autistic children or other sensory processing challenges are able to shop in a lower sensory environment .
law makes it illegal to leave pets outside in freezing temps for too long
hawaii might be increasing legal smoking age to 100
meet bike batman , the anonymous hero who returns stolen bikes to the citizens of seattle
pink floyd ' s roger waters hopes for more syrian rescues after flying boys out
a hollywood celebrity refused to start an interview until he talked about his animal charity
this artist who has worked for the last 10 years in conflict zones and borders who found this angel today after arranging an illegal picnic at the us borders and restoring my faith in humanity
kazakhstan ends bank bailouts , writes off people ' s debts instead
young san jose sharks fan demonstrates high character after bullied at edmonton oilers game
the photographer who got squashed and kissed by croatia players during the celebration of goal vs england accepts croatia ' s tourist board invitation for a 7 day vacation in croatia .
mhlengi gwala: ' chainsaw attack won ' t stop me doing what i love . '
love times six: meet the foster mom who adopted a half dozen sisters
one of world ' s largest marine parks created off coast of easter island: rapa nui protection area , about same size as chilean mainland , will protect up to 142 species , including 27 threatened with extinction
local doctor donates nearly $5 million to everson; gift is biggest ever to museum
homeless hero turns in gun toting man threatening to off cops
air niugini plane misses runway , lands in sea off micronesia island
update . boy who fell through ice reunited with deputy that saved him .
a cure for cancer ? israeli scientists say they think they found one
sixth grader ' s note on windshield leads to justice in a hit and run
make her smile: new york celebrates womens day russian style . . . . the activists started handing out flowers to women in times square
farmers lend hand , harvest crop for neighbor battling stage 4 cancer
' school in a box ' alternative classrooms help kids in tonga resume studies after cyclone gita: people are still rebuilding lives after trail of destruction across country , but disaster authorities are relieved they have managed to get almost all local kids back to school within a couple of weeks .
vitamin d ' heals damaged hearts '
former queens gang member and prison inmate set to graduate from columbia university
amazing opportunity from philadelphia orchestra trumpeter for talented afghan teen musician . he still needs help !
mosque ' vandalised ' with chalk messages of love , support in virginia
family buys out closing payless store , gives shoes to those in need
teen ' s service dog gets photo in the yearbook ( and even a school id )
ecosia plants one million trees in brazil .
elon musk supports andrew yang
australia votes yes to marriage equality
tens of thousands protest in milan against racism and discrimination
facebook pledges $50m annual match for disaster aid donations
trinidad and tobago set to decriminalize homosexuality
ceo praises employee ' s decision to take a mental health break from work
standing room only at the funeral of ww2 soldier without living relatives .
refugee wins lottery , plans to open a restaurant
in pictures: spectacular sunrise over scotland bbc news
nicu nurses give up lottery winnings to help fellow coworkers going through tragedy
8 year old becomes youngest girl to climb mount kilimanjaro
charity planes provide ' flying ambulance ' for papua new guinea ' s remote residents
dog caught on video rescuing deer in long island sound
cattle producer ' s dying wish protects critically endangered wallaby in central queensland
teen completes ironman two years after accident left him needing to learn how to walk , talk and eat again
texas teen accepted to 7 ivy league schools
university of texas to remove confederate statues on campus .
the people of flint , mi are coming together and speaking out . the flint fwd movement shows the strength and resilience of the city of flint and answers the question " what is flint ?
nebraska just abolished civil forfeiture , now requires a criminal conviction to take property
' we ' re anti influencer ' : ice cream truck makes instagram ' stars ' pay double
badass librarian tracks down ' hackers , ' clears student ' s name
450 , 000 condoms will be distributed to the 10 , 500 athletes at the rio 2016 olympics . 42 per athlete .
nestle , the worlds largest single use plastic user , will phase all plastic products out by 2025 .
rescue dog on its first mission saves a life in the aftermath of the taiwan earthquake
world bank announces $480 million in loan guarantees for argentina renewable energy projects
' pharma bro ' martin shkreli sentenced to 7 years in prison
robert kubica: ex f1 driver to test again for renault
malala named youngest ever un ambassador of peace
hopkins researchers recommend reclassifying psilocybin , the drug in ' magic ' mushrooms , from schedule i to schedule iv
this article turned my day around
fdny assigns first , all women engine company , the smiles say it all .
more than 500 staff at richer sounds are in line for a 3 . 5m windfall after the retail chain ' s boss handed them a 60% stake in the business .
dog wont let anyone touch pregnant owner ' s belly
denver fire crew rescues kitten trapped in dumpster .
brazil soccer team shirts have pittsburgh synagogue shooting victims name diaspora
my friends and i rescued a stranded puppy while fishing .
small town jr . high students won $150 , 000
it took 4 years , 3 miscarriages and 1 , 616 shots to make this baby
husband ' s anniversary gift to wife is life saving kidney
david bowie: astronomers pay tribute to starman with his own constellation
southfield , michigan law firm reimbursing locals for uber or taxi cab fare to incentivize people to not drive intoxicated .
the " elephant whisperer " dies and elephants arrive at his home to mourn
high schooler with autism gets amazing christmas surprise from high school peers !
meet jules mountain , the cancer survivor who conquered the everest avalanche
medal of honor recipient whose actions were portrayed in forrest gump returns to vietnam | fox 59
pope francis need no words to convey a message
brave woman takes on the greedy pharmaceutical industry . https://people . com/crime/ex exotic dancer allegedly killed pharma exec boyfriend threatened gut him like a deer/
5 yr old has cutest celebration with his big brother after being told he is cancer free .
michael tubbs is on a mission to save his hometown: michael tubbs grew up in stockton , california , what was once described as the country ' s most miserable city . now he ' s in charge .
n . c . pastor recalls gunman who entered his church on new year ' s eve
netherlands to close more prisons as crime rate continues to fall
my friends 5 year old cousin has spina bifida and requires a special custom wheelchair to go to school . a few weeks someone stole it . so this company made him a new one .
filling a void: local music store donates instruments to area schools
notre dame holds first mass since fire , with priests in hard hats
waitress gets big tip to help pay for hearing aids
justin trudeau ' s new budget aims to provide all indigenous people in canada with access to drinking water and education
schools in australia are using tiny , free street libraries to share books and encourage kids to read
this 54 year old custodian just graduated from the college he cleaned at night
a snares penguin from islands south of new zealand is found wounded on a tasmanian beach . nine months nursing later , she tastes the open sea again
eu agrees total ban on bee harming pesticides
senior class donates trip money to help library aide ' s family
erykah badu donating concert proceeds to clear detroit rape kit backlog
chadwick boseman dedicates best hero award to waffle house hero james shaw jr .
viable , environmentally friendly alternative to styrofoam
nevada issues semi autonomous license to quadriplegic driver
ancient puppy remains show human care and bonding nearly 14 , 000 years ago
tesla car drives owner to hospital after he suffers pulmonary embolism
portugal runs for four days straight on renewable energy alone
statue offers homeless the gift of warmth
' only in newfoundland ' : hiker finds lost camera , tracks owners in montreal
india transgender gurus in landmark hindu procession; the northern indian city of allahabad witnessed a historic procession on sunday led by a hindu congregation of transgender people
north korean athletes will march with south koreans at pyeongchang olympics
baby born at 24 weeks in luxembourg turns 21
minnesota methodists resolve to allow officiating of same sex unions , lgbt ordination
for anybody who was a victim of a violent crime such as las vegas there is in every state a victims compensation program that will compensate for medical bills or funeral expenses . for those who are worried about finances this can ease some or all of that burden .
thank you to the katy tx area
an elderly man dedicates himself to saving lives at japans suicide cliffs
pregnant horses and foal rescued from slaughter in norfolk
refugee children offer their sympathies to brussels
woman proposes to girlfriend , but a 3rd woman steals show
nobel peace prize for anti rape activists
cancer has not stopped dani morrison from dedicating herself to santa ana ' s homeless population
good night lights bring ' minute of magic ' in providence
ellen degeneres hits back at trump by explaining finding dory plot
a truck driver from brooklyn wins $298 million powerball jackpot
mark cuban loaned the team plane to j . j . barea so he could bring supplies to his family in puerto rico
plastic man of india
police officer doesn ' t punish girl caught stealing , helps her instead
halima aden becomes sports illustrated swimsuit issue ' s first hijab wearing model
school bans homework in favor of family time
could an immunotherapy treatment from israel cure cancer ?
the paris agreement will survive president trump due to clever drafting
nice to see we can save some things !
' he ' s a survivor ' : dog reunited with family months after they fled wildfires
found an old article about me online . . . .
man comes up with ingenious plan to help animals suffering in drought
watch this high school senior explode with joy after getting into his dream school
boy , 5 , gets wish to be target employee for his birthday
good samaritans repair homeless woman ' s car , life
greenwood hs student gifts bullied classmate with new shoes
doctor prosecuted by the us for trying to save children , wins in court
these canadian acts of kindness after mosque attack may restore your faith in humanity montreal
such a brave love story is not seen every day , even in the safari , the zookeepers comment
band metallica donates $1m to community colleges
boy ' s life saved by bone marrow donor , who joined the register when a woman he liked was in the queue . boy ' s life was saved , and the woman he liked became his wife
u . s . navy finds puppy thought to be lost at sea
texas dog prepares for harvey by carrying bag of food
9 hour rainbow breaks record in taiwan
alabama church hands out $16 , 500 to hundreds of furloughed federal workers .
extradition bill ' is dead , ' hong kong leader says
alan alda realized he had parkinson ' s symptoms , got checked out and his prognosis is much much better for catching it early .
republican governor overrules board , paves way for homeless to receive haircuts
brazil court blocks amazon mining decree bbc news
a military veteran in china saw a boy dangling from a balcony and climbed up to rescue him .
london fashion week vows to be fur free for the first time ever
community responding to a spate of xenophobic graffiti in walthamstow , london .
surgery enabled the first american to survive birth without a trachea to breathe . now he can eat .
britain sees first coal free day since industrial revolution
perfect catch: bystander saves baby dropped from burning building
robert downey jr . launches climate change coalition to clean up earth within 10 years
taken in the first round of the nfl draft , quarterback pays forward habit for humanity gift
us police officers throw surprise birthday for boy after no one shows up to his party
stranded fox rescued from iceberg by fishermen who fed him vienna sausages
katy perry lends her support to pro muslim american psa
the nobel peace prize for 2016 is awarded to colombian president juan manuel santos for his resolute efforts to bring the country ' s more than 50 year long civil war to an end , a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 000 colombians and displaced close to six million people .
michael j . fox appears to go back to the future with guitar solo to support his parkinson ' s charity
cat adopts abandoned monkey
breast cancer survivor inspires with stunning mastectomy tattoo
wright state celebrates a 20 year tradition of maintaining roan mountain trails
uk firefighters save puppies from barn fire with specially designed oxygen masks .
ignore the haters: transgender teen wrestling champ offers touching advice to anyone who might be ' struggling
st . louis cardinals taking claim of the cat that darted across the field during their aug . 9 game .
the aussie , the abandoned boy , and china ' s one child policy
13 year old boy does yard work , trades in xbox to buy his mom a car
scientists at the university of tampere ( finland ) and the karolinska institutet ( sweden ) have demonstrated that an enterovirus vaccine can protect against virus induced diabetes in a mouse model for type 1 diabetes .
the mayor of a city in southern russia has banned circuses that use wild animals in their acts . he earlier blocked plans to build a dolphinarium in magas , on the grounds that these " remarkable and loveable creatures should roam free and happy in their natural environment , " he wrote on instagram .
using stories and song to dispel the stigma of mental illness
boy wakes up just before his life support was to end .
want to be inspired ? this young man was born with cerebral palsy , cannot speak , cannot control his muscles but has spent over a year creating a website that hugely benefits people with special needs and anyone interested in smart technology . let ' s show him some support on his project ! &lt;3
video game charity marathon games done quick just raised $3 million for doctors without borders !
fda approves first generic version of epipen
lgbtq history curriculum will now be taught in illinois schools
canadians celebrated the nation ' s 150th anniversary with fireworks and poutine
australian dog patrol defends penguins from death
the ' cat man of aleppo ' is a happy story in syria ' s darkness
found on the brink of death , patrick the miracle dog thrives 6 years later
the gp surgery that treats patients no one else can cope with
malaysia has become the first country in the western pacific to reduce mother to child transmission of hiv and syphilis to the point that it is no longer a public health problem .
stranger leaves 10 gift and note in a ' with sympathy ' card
carpenter sets up 58 crosses in las vegas in honour of shooting victims
automakers outperform greenhouse gas emissions standards for 4th consecutive year
a fbi sex trafficking investigation just announced wednesday saved 84 minors and captured 120 traffickers across the country
new jersey mayor helps save life before crews put out house fire
restaurant owner receives more than $190k in donations after fyre documentary
ex con works to turn youths around
art saves lives ' : studio for people with mental health issues raises more than $150k
stray dog becomes first to conquer himalayan summit after tagging along with climbing expedition
veteran married the angel he needed hours before dying of rare liver cancer
wolves back in netherlands after 140 years
a teenager who was given a 1% chance of full recovery after a skiing accident has achieved seven as in his exams .
dog rescued by platform workers adopted
christine blasey ford speaks out in rare statement since kavanaugh hearings
this 17 year old mexican american student was accepted to 18 prestigious universities
dem offers to hire mccabe to help him qualify for his pension
volunteer group donates $1 . 5 million to langley memorial hospital | cbc news
wells fargo hit with $1 billion in fines over home and auto loan abuses
pope francis wades into us oil pipeline dispute , backs nodapl protesters
tested in a barbershop , 7th grader becomes baltimore ' s first ever national chess champion
indiana teacher out of hospital after stopping school shooting
alabama man sentenced to life for stealing $50 to be released from prison | us news
rescued aleppo lion gives birth after jordan move
alabama newspaper editor who urged klan to ' ride again ' replaced by african american woman
westmoreland firefighters rescue dog
social media helps return military doll to son of soldier
indian water minister uma bharti says she had rapists tortured
former monk paints portraits of new york ' s homeless , collects money for them as he does it and then donates the painting to them when he ' s done &lt;3
mount everest female record setter wants to be an inspiration .
china treats uighur islam as a mental illness in camps
first year medical student on way home from anatomy lecture helps deliver a baby on public transport
man whose wife has cancer gets help to pay bills by winning $100k lottery prize
homeless man offers money to pay ladys bus fare
zika virus used to treat aggressive brain cancer
italy ' s highest court rules calling someone ' gay ' is no longer an insult
reality is dictated by the collective human consciousness . ( 360+ )
disney gives back to employees and starts higher education program
climate change: uk commits to net zero emissions by 2050
after 67 years of marriage , a celebration of love
mystic marcus , a pig with " special powers " , has chosen the four nations that it says will reach the world cup semi finals .
blind 12 year old dog saved after a week lost in the mountains
several pinellas county ( fl ) breweries are now working with habitat for humanity to raise money to build homes .
in a major win for consumers , drug pricing control advocates push back against big pharma and win . md will be the first state on track to have a drug pricing control board in 2022 .
bride and groom recycle to pay for wedding dress
more than 50 indiana bikers escort bullied sixth grader to middle school
google ceo sundar pichai writes back to girl , 7 , who wants a job .
early risers will be able to watch the moon sweep past saturn , mars and jupiter this week as the northern hemisphere sky is treated to a parade of planets
woman and dog rescued from frozen pond
a total of 30 new headspace services will be funded in australia over seven years for a cost of $111 . 3 million , plus $152 million to reduce the wait list for young people seeking mental health services .
maryland hs teacher fired after students use social media to uncover his white supremacist ties
prison guards sentenced for forcing inmates to fight and do embarrassing stunts
40 ways the world is getting better
humans are friends , incredible moment a shark nudges a diver to get him to remove a hook that was stuck in its flesh
brazil forest protection gets green climate fund backing via un redd plus initiative the funding will provide financial support which would allow select natural areas to be preserved .
rare blood donor saves 2 million babies; has made over 1 , 100 donations since 1967
frank doolittle , 104 , awarded congressional gold medal 70 years later
taco bell hot sauce saves another life . . .
honor killings and the fight of the love commandos
fbi obtains warrant to examine clinton emails
india wild elephant saved in dramatic rescue officials in the indian state of uttarakhand have saved a wild elephant from drowning in the ganges river .
millennials fuelling rise in low or no alcohol drinks this summer
nepal says its tiger population has almost doubled from 2009
nj woman ' s flushed wedding ring turns up 9 years later
foo fighters let 5yr old boy play on stage with them
man adopts dog with cancer so he can experience a loving home in his final days
homeless man given painting job
cat found 3 years after going missing .
police officer holds baby for hours as mother files domestic violence report
pakistan has just planted over a billion trees
man rescued after vehicle ends up in lake st . clair in grosse pointe farms
supermarket boss introduces ' quiet hour ' to help autistic and disabled shoppers
missing florida dog found in michigan and reunited with it ' s owners
the wondrous survival of a 72 year old woman and her dog , lost 9 days in the western wilderness
the big bang theory final season to end in 2019
the silicon valley with a heart: how beirut ' s techies are helping syrian refugees
man rescues massive sea turtle stuck on its back in mexico
tiger taken from ' world ' s worst zoo ' arrives in south africa
toyota will replace burnt tundra as a thank you to brave nurse
my dad read harry potter for the first time , and his thoughts on the books are adorably refreshing
frances national assembly unanimously passed a measure requiring all supermarkets 400 square feet or larger to donate unsold food to charity , for animal feed , or for farming compost .
eminem and justin timberlake help to raise an enormous amount of money for manchester attack victims
scientists 3d print and implant jawbones , muscles , and ears
bugs and bark help boy scout survive nearly 37 hours alone in wyoming wilderness
a prisoner makes the most of the opportunities given him
4th grader raises over $15 , 000 for seattle children ' s hospital
according to bill gates 100% of india ' s population will have access to clean toilets by 2 october 2019 .
tiffin , ohio
' hero ' biker overwhelmed by donations after avoiding cyclists
tortoise gets hand painted 3d printed shell after surviving forest fire
fast food employee feeds man with disability in moving video
obama ' s anti racism tweet after charlottesville is most liked ever on twitter | us news
2 shelter dog pit bulls become k 9 officers
ikea new directive to improve their environmental impact including all single use straws removed by 2020
postman successfully delivers card addressed to couple ' somewhere near the sea
researcher from ms creates device to help a lady with parkinsons draw and sketch again .
video: this awesome sledding dog takes winter woes away
zeal akaraiwai , a nigerian man , has been secretly paying bills for poor and uninsured patients
best buy employees buy wiiu for boy who came in everyday to play the demo model
new california redwood park created , larger than muir woods
a bronx librarian has been bringing a suitcase full of books to a nearby shelter and reading to homeless children for the last eight years
puppy who disappeared after crash found 13 days later
texas church offers free mom hugs at pride parade to those who need them
china and nasa shared data about historic moon landing
pakistan army rescues mountaineers from k2 ( worlds second largest mountain )
spain to ditch nuclear and coal power by 2030
4 h member crushes goal and donates over 300 backpacks and supplies to foster kids
six rescued bears set free in kurdish national park
the solution to just about everything: working less
tortoise run over by car saved by 3 d printed shell
these cops did an awesome thing and replaced a boy ' s bike after it was stolen
3d printed camera rig helps terminally ill photographer to take pictures
pit bull rescued from abuse gets showered with love from the police who saved her
two years ago i shared my business idea on reddit . now it ' s a booming success because of you . thanks reddit !
read this mom ' s story about her 9 year old having nobody come to his birthday party . crushing . maybe we can give him a reddit hug ?
red cross nurse kidnapped by isis in 2013 might still be alive
guardian officer has saved over 200 people from jumping off the golden gate bridge
a true class act
ithaca women turn $12 , 500 in donations into $1 . 5 million of debt relief
dog with deformity passed over at " clear the shelter " has a new fairy tale home !
teacher receives surprise star wars millennium falcon made of legos , after hers was destroyed by school vandals
the american solar industry has exploded in size as costs plummet: costs are likely to fall even further , particularly for the end user one analysis by ubs claimed renewable energy will effectively be free by 2030 .
twin high school students deliver gifts at children ' s hospitals dressed as superheroes because they know what it is like
boy cries as he sees color for the first time . 10 year old cayson irlbeck was born colorblind but now can see certain colors for the first time .
dad ' s search for a little blue cup for his son goes viral bbc news
this 81 year old japanese lady is a real inspiration for young computer programmers
reddit sleuths succeed at helping identify a suspect in fatal hit and run .
killing of basques now banned in west fjords
a drone in maryland has made history after it became the first unmanned aircraft to deliver a donor kidney to surgeons , who successfully transplanted the organ in a patient with kidney failure .
over 100 lionesses reportedly pregnant in gujarats gir sanctuary
maine lobstermen rescue seal pup trapped in net
indian youth aim to uplift impoverished slum kids by helping them get admission to schools
wife who died of cancer asked her husband continue feeding 1000 ' s of trumpeter swans in minnesota
simple eye tracking technology allows nova scotia woman with brain injury to communicate for first time in decades
man puts out boat fire with flyboard
stranger pays for couple ' s 66th anniversary dinner
' this is a historic moment ' : ' black panther ' breaks saudi ' s 35 year cinema ban with men , women seated together
84 year old undergraduate becomes master in perseverance by earning degree
missing girl found by offering free pizza
cubs win the world series for the first time in 108 years .
bruno mars announces $1 million donation to flint community foundation
hundreds helping homeless youth get off the street with urban peak
in response to the flaming kites from gaza falling on israeli fields , israeli children earlier this week sent balloons carrying candy over the border to gaza as a gesture of peace .
the ' angel ' who secretly pays patients ' hospital bills
we may have finally found a cure to h . i . v . only the 2nd patient to be hiv free .
anti vaxxers banned from raising money on gofundme
93 year old manhattan doctor still works and has no intention of slowing down wpix 11 new york
mexicos supreme court rules that abortion care for rape survivors is a human right
new hampshire cop feels bad for thief , pays her tab
donors of rare blood type sought to save a miami toddler
homeless man johnny bobbitt jrs selfless act to help stranded woman kate mcclure changes his life a woman rescued by a homeless man who gave her his last $20 so she could put petrol in her car is repaying the favour by raising thousands of dollars for him .
school superintendent arrested for allegedly using own insurance to help sick student will only get small fine , keep job .
a bear may be reason missing toddler found alive after 2 days , despite freezing temps
strangers form an 80 person chain to save 9 drowning people .
radovan karadzic sentenced to 40 years for genocide at srebrenica
military search and rescue saves fisherman off p . e . i . , goes for lunch , saves choking victim
the first dog ascent of a 7 , 000 meter himalayan peak
rigopiano avalanche: eight found alive in italy hotel after two days
family erects bench to commemorate location where their father asked their mom to " go steady " in 1941
food lion donates 500 millionth meal to fight hunger
we need to treat our maids like humans
music eases the pain of a father going blind
st . louis blues win their first stanley cup .
local australians raise thousands of dollars to provide equipment for ghanaian commonwealth games cycling team
grandads doorstep reaction goes viral
over 2 , 500 orphans sponsored in southern iran
utah museum clinic repairs gadgets , reduces landfill waste
jazz fans start gofundme for $25k russell westbrooks fine amount to be donated to human rights campaign
man rescues kitten glued to busy road , adopts him and names him sticky .
hero dog saves 7 year old from rattlesnake
milwaukee bus driver honored for helping homeless man get food and shelter
woman raises $160 , 000 for homeless man who helped her
wendell pierce invests $20m in baltimore housing project , create jobs
roller coaster rides can remove kidney stones
boy suffering from apraxia made honorary trooper by ohio state highway patrol
ontario to roll out basic income in three cities
rod stewart &amp; others donating 10 , 000 to a model railway club whose exhibition was destroyed by vandals
' pharma bro ' martin shkreli found guilty of 3 of 8 charges , including securities fraud
kid donates his afv winnings to charity
a tailor &amp; a man with a disfiguring condition
7 year old boy wakes up dad , pair escapes house fire
police officer who breastfed malnourished baby on duty in argentina hospital promoted from officer to sergeant
data shows that we prefer to purchase ice cream that is easier to scoop
officer who rescued toddler from abandoned house has five foster kids at home
leo went from not knowing how to swim , bike , or run to becoming an ironman . this is his story .
the homeless 8 year old chess champion and other horrific uplifting stories
superhero dad selling 5 , 000 classic comic books for daughter ' s college tuition
staggering numbers of whales are being sighted off the shores of new york . cleaner waters have caused a 540% increase in numbers in just eight years .
afghanistans first female orchestra set to take davos by storm: despite death threats and deep conservatism , the women are raring to go and will enthral wef .
all graduating students from all levels in the philippines should plant 10 trees each before they can graduate .
91 year old mailman retires after 69 years with perfect record
ten year old sydney boy turns $200 into portable shelter for the homeless
ethiopia and eritrea say war over , un hails wind of hope in africa
2 year old who overcame the odds and learned to walk inspires millions
birds willingly pitch in to raise others ' young
quagga , zebra cousin , recreated 100 years after extinction
the world ' s largest experiment in giving people free money launches in october here ' s how it ' ll work
tiny boat found near red wing still hasnt found its maker . . .
40 , 000+ college students raised more than $785 , 000 in one day to build a hospital for women and children in northwest syria .
ariana grande says she will return to manchester for benefit gig
maine teacher appears on ellen degeneres show , says show helped her learn english
laser company working to fix burn scars on children
family gets $750k after swat raided their home , killed their dogover unpaid utility bill
australian solar mining farm to cut bitcoins carbon footprint
$1 billion effort launched to protect 30% of the planet by 2030: swiss billionaire and conservationist hansjorg wyss will be donating $1 billion over the next 10 years through his wyss foundation
teen who came to scotland after fleeing pakistan gets straight as in exams ( x post from /r/scotland )
my cousin was murdered a few weeks ago , and the murderer stole his truck and his dog . his dog was found yesterday 100 miles away , and has since been reunited with his family .
officials from 24 latin american and caribbean states have signed a legally binding environmental rights pact containing measures to protect land defenders , almost two years to the day since environmental leader berta caceres was killed in her home in honduras .
vegan cafe that charged 18 per cent ' man tax ' set to close
man reunited with dog that was inside stolen car
dad and daughter turn on camera to record this , but 7 million people watched it and mom found out !
missing uber/lyft driver found at good samaritan hospital , friends say
how cities are working to protect wildlife from traffic collisions with special wildlife only under and over passes
after woman begs for thief to return dog inside stolen suv , yellow lab is found
these blind parents fought with everything they had and saved their daughter ' s vision from a rare form of eye cancer
army privates dog given away while she was at training returned home | fox8 . com
' no one eats alone on christmas ' : restaurant serves free meals to homeless , elderly the muslim owned restaurant is expecting hundreds to attend their free , three course meal on christmas day .
the people of flint , mi are coming together and speaking out . the flint fwd movement shows the strength and resilience of the city of flint and answers the question " what is flint ?
ikea to sell rugs and textiles made by syrian refugees in 2019 to provide jobs for those displaced by civil war
dad confronts bully by treating him like a son now the homeless boy has money and friendship
man proves he can still fly a plane after 100 years
all new york city underground subway stations now have wifi
cat brings her kittens to man who helped her and gave her food she won ' t let him go .
maharashtra flood: unsung heroes of sangli who saved over 15000 lives
billionaire robert f smith to pay entire us class ' s student debt . nearly 400 students will benefit from his grant , worth some $40m ( 31m ) .
wedding ring returned to owner , 37 years after he lost it
group of truckers team up with cops to save a man from committing suicide
13 year old successfully does wheelchair backflip
tampa teacher surprises 5th graders with easters baskets bought with donations .
leonardo dicaprio foundation unveils $20m in grants for climate change , wildlife conservation
critically endangered honeyeater population discovered
a wwii vets body lay unclaimed at the morgue . then neighbors did something beautiful . ( washington post article )
police arrest suspect in connection to 2009 homicide of prominent portland public defender
hero cat apparently dials 911 to help owner
five critically endangered black rhinos transferred from captivity in europe to rwanda national park
a woman raised $8 , 000 so her uber driver could see his son compete in rio
india sees 50% dip in malaria cases in 2018
billy crystal ' s homage to muhammad ali at his funeral was absolutely perfect .
incredible marathon granny joan ( 78 ) to take on her 35th race
standing rock: us denies key permit for dakota access pipeline , a win for tribe
there is no correlation between having a mental illness and being violent .
after rescuing his fiancee and two of his children from their blazing apartment friday morning , demetrius johnson headed back into the inferno engulfing the two family house in buffalo to save his 3 year old son .
police officer reunited with man he helped deliver on interstate decades earlier
how bolivia combats illiteracy; illiteracy rate down from 13 . 28% in 2001 to 3 . 8% in 2014 bbc news
peru has committed to ending palm oil driven deforestation by 2021 . the national wildlife federation named the move a momentous win for wildlife and sustainable agriculture . .
visually impaired man wins japan comedy championship
three bears force fed beer and bread have been set free
customer letter from apple ceo tim cook regarding an iphone backdoor
traumatised bears , wolves find solace at greek sanctuary: orphaned as an infant , three year old patrick takes a wary view of visitors . he crouches low , licks his claws and starts humming a bear ' s equivalent of thumb sucking .
full ban on animal fur farms in the czech republic is now in effect
india set to create river network twice the length of nile
endangered black rhino born at des moines zoo
update: sheriff adopts the dog that was chained to porch in rising floodwaters
an 11 year old st . louis boy started a reading club for african american boys called " books and bros " to help encourage children to read literature they can identify with for pleasure .
puppy rescued from septic drain gets 2nd chance
owner tells shelter to euthanize young dog with 6 lb . tumor; staff saves his life instead
a man in siberia rescues elk from drowning in frozen lake
when cops in washington see boy wearing torn , dirty socks , they return with new shoes and ice pops
dr jim withers the hero who would muck up his hair and dirty his clothes to give to the forgotten and neglected
little caesars founder paid rosa parks ' rent
china sees sharp decline in ivory smuggling in 2016
florida officer saves unresponsive baby
kolkata stray outperforms peers , becomes top dog in elite sniffer squad
australia post apologises after delivering postcard 50 years late
starbucks will donate all of its unsold food to america ' s needy
this warms my cold , dead soul greatly
lifesaver mode encourages gamers to donate to and raise awareness of blood disorders .
california man hailed hero for saving stranger from burning car
american muslims raise more than $100 , 000 in just four days for families of san bernardino shooting victims
drone discovers a hawaiian plant that was thought to be extinct
how a scheme in mali cut child deaths in one district by 95%
after harvey , hundreds find refuge in houston area mosques
cheran: the town that threw out police , politicians and gangsters
boy sells his toys to pay for treatment of sick service dog who once saved his life
fifth grader uses google translate to befriend transfer student from mexico
a police officer caught a girl trying to steal $2 shoes for her younger sister . he knew exactly what to do .
justin trudeau to announce steps to get to a ban on single use plastics by 2021
indian tycoon builds 90 homes for homeless to celebrate daughters wedding
neil armstrong ' s hometown to celebrate 50th anniversary of apollo 11 landing
bhutan family reunited with daughter after her kidnapping in cambodia 20 years ago
dalmatians help 8 year old with autism read after he previously suffered severe meltdowns
dr . bronner to contribute $5 million dollars to maps over the next five years in support of phase 3 trials of mdma assisted psychotherapy for ptsd
republican judge in north carolina resigns so that democratic , openly homosexual judge can replace him
indian boss gives 1 , 260 cars , 400 flats and jewellery as diwali bonus to staff | world news
b . c . couple who planned holiday to california spend vacation helping wildfire evacuees
ducklings rescued by air force
' spiderman ' balcony rescue wows france
woman who had her wedding canceled throws party for homeless people instead
lawyer for martin shkreli hikes fees five thousand per cent the new yorker
story of a mother who moved her kids out of america; calls it the best parenting decision she has ever made .
santa greets 4 , 000 children with special needs at operation santa claus event
philanthropic fashion brand changing memphis one shoe at a time
diner tip makes dream come true for villanova fan
american aid worker runs through isis gunfire to save little girl
anonymous shuts down far right daily stormer website
therapy dogs bring happiness to hospitals , helping patients recover faster
tokyo elects first woman governor
muslim community break their fast in order to donate blood . fasting is one of the 5 pillars of islam .
man transforms his home into a sanctuary for 300 cats
lost dog who snuck onto train in ireland reunited with family through social media
a 22 year old personal trainer and high school wrestling coach said he was only doing the right thing when he answered the cries of a 61 year old woman and chased down her suspected purse snatcher jan . 22 at the town center of mililani .
birmingam students raise $31k for charity , tops in state
this 94 year old hands out chocolate bars to strangers . and people love it
texas muslims are turning mosques into shelters for hurricane harvey victims
trieste residents help homeless man and apologise " on behalf of the city of trieste " after deputy mayor throws away the man ' s " rags
from no cure to no trace | central texas girl ' s inoperable brain tumor disappears
anderson cooper donating enough money to the k 9 krijger ballistic vest campaign to buy k 9 vests for all k 9 officers in norfolk , and then some
owens outrageous food fight for a cause
tiger quadruplets make their public debut in hamburg
how an engineer quit his job to light up remote himalayan villages
huntington , wv overdose rates down this year
woman in hospice care has santa photo shoot that had tears flowing
turns out that there was no racist at that texas restaurant .
100 year old woman , rescued from the brink of homelessness , meets her saviors
a new zealand fisherman has rescued an 18 month old boy from the ocean , in an incident described as a " freakish miracle
her only chance at life is a new liver , but her insurer said no . then she wrote a powerful plea to the ceo
the man with a bionic penis will lose his virginity to a dominatrix who ran for parliament
california family reunites with cat 16 months after mudslide
syrian children brought to israel for treatment
virginia governor restores voting rights for more than 200 , 000 felons
store staff find adorable way to help autistic boy cope with supermarkets
$735 , 000 raised so far on gofundme for victims of shooting at austins bar in olathe
texas girl , 11 , signs sweet deal with whole foods to sell her lemonade brand
engineers translate brain signals directly into speech
thai police have arrested a man alleged to be the head of asia ' s biggest illegal wildlife trading networks .
watch: 8 year old girl throws 1st pitch at arizona diamondbacks game with 3d printed hand
baking breathes life back into the south australia lake eyre basin ghost town of farina for just eight weeks of the year
mother teresa canonized , pope invites 1500 poor people for pizza
tattoo artist covers up racist insignia for free: ' enough hate in this world '
young man donates vgo robots to childrens hospital
an indian boxer won a title fight against a chinese opponent before offering to hand back the prize as a gesture of peace between the two nations which are locked in a territorial dispute in the himalayas .
16 year old invents super material to fight drought
rescue dogs become service dogs in heartwarming new animal planet show
19 , 444 gallons of water in the desert: how volunteers save lives at the us border | us news
kid knocks on doors asking how people got rich . gets hired
country time to cover fines incurred by neighborhood lemonade stands
rainbow paint job to ' cheer up ' people in kabul
this elementary school principal reads books on facebook to ensure her students have a bedtime story
these 7 countries are giving fossil fuel based cars the boot
man who struggled w/mental illness starts service to send nice texts to people with stress , anxiety , and negative thoughts
a man has logged more than one million miles by making biweekly trips from his home in zanesville , ohio , to the gulf coast , picking up rescue dogs and bringing them to forever families in new england . he estimates he has transported more than 55 , 000 dogs .
farmers harvest hundreds of acres in one day to help friend with terminal cancer
polar vortex may have killed a significant amount of harmful , invasive insect species
face transplant recipient overwhelmed by result bbc news
cardinals trade rf stephen piscotty to the athletics so he can be closer to his als stricken mom
tech group fits wheelchair for disabled kitten rescued from euthanasia list
mom fighting for her life gives birth to ' miracle ' quadruplets
p ! nk invites veterans to tulsa concert
british woman rescued by croatia ' s coast guard after falling from cruise ship and treading water for 10 hours in the adriatic sea .
[thai academy team trapped in tham luang cave] one of the parents wrote to the coach , " dear coach ake . . . we want you to rest assured none of us feels angry with you . . . thank you for looking after our children . coach , youve gone in there with them . come out with them too and do it safely .
khnl : flight attendants save 3 girls from human trafficking on honolulu bound flight
how did this sushi restaurant ceo help destroy somalian pirates ?
sacramento homeless man refuses to beg for money , instead spends his day looking for a serious job . after being homeless for two years , he refuses to beg , he carries with him , envelopes containing copies of his resume , his food handlers certificate , social security card , and id
today is ' r u ok ? ' day in australia . a day where everyone is encouraged to reconnect with and lend an ear to others who need it .
elephant gets tusk saving surgery: the zoo in the colombian city of barranquilla successfully performed surgery on a five tonne african elephant found on a ranch owned by drug traffickers .
double amputee marine vet joins new york police department
fallout 4 pays tribute to a fallen fan with this nuka world npc
a north korean leader has set foot inside south korea for the first time to sign peace treaty
lebron james opened a school that was considered an experiment . its showing promise .
kentucky toddler beats stage four cancer
10 countries demand big climate ambition from eu
for the first time ever , tigers in an indian reserve to be relocated to another reserve due to over capacity .
paralyzed former olympic high jumper jamie nieto walks wife down wedding aisle
bus driver stops bus to tie elderly mans shoelaces .
tesla factory workers intensify unionisation efforts , finally dare to file charges with national labor board: tesla employees are alleging illegal surveillance , coercion , intimidation and prevention of worker communications by tesla in an effort to prevent or otherwise hinder unionisation
colombian garbage man builds library from discarded books
former foster child raises money so no child in her community will be without a christmas like she was
sacramento creates mobile restroom to make access easier , cleaner for the homeless
he ' s vietnamese . she ' s from north korea . they had to wait 3 decades to marry . married finally .
a poor female nigerian street bread seller photobombed a professional photoshoot and now has landed a modeling contract
coffee shop refuses to serve man after racist rant against woman in burqa
2 gay iraqi soldiers found love amid war then fled to the us
charlotte boy gives police officers free hugs after violent protests
community donates $20 , 000 to beekeepers after hives destroyed by vandals .
costa rica will become world ' s first carbon free country by 2021 , new president says
refugee researcher leads extragalactic discovery
cigarette smoking in the u . s . continues to fall
neighbor ' s act of kindness makes impact on local family
welcome to the palestine aquarium , the first of its kind
wild tiger population in india rises
a dj who has been broadcasting to his wife from the shed in his back garden since 1974 has finally been given his own show on local radio
three cheers for scotlands pregnant panda tian tian ! ! !
' i got you ' : san bernardino survivor recalls co worker ' s final heroic act
the coolest playground on the planet is also educational: scienceplay interactive high tech playgrounds from israel bring science to kids in an outdoor setting with a fundamental focus on fun .
these before and after photos of rescued dogs show the power of a good haircut
$742 , 000 grant awarded to protect orcas in the greater seattle area
cop saves 5 year old girl from burning house , attends her graduation 19 years later
daughter surprises dad with his first vacation to reward life of hard work
a heartbroken manchester united fan travels from sierra leone to old trafford for his first match , only for game to be called off . people raised enough money to change his flight and he ' s going to wembley .
blind man ' s stolen guide dog is returned with note of apology
dna from seized elephant ivory unmasks 3 big trafficking cartels in africa
college students in toronto host a hackathon to help out nonprofits
security guard performs cpr and saves life of woman who suddenly collapsed in mall
california bill offers tax incentives to filmmakers that leave georgia over restrictive abortion laws
83 year old man runs for 141km marathon
teen offers to donate prom dress to a girl in need in viral tweet that inspires others to do the same im not charging you anything , just have a great night
abe tells biden important for japan , south korea to carry out ' comfort women ' agreement
hamburg to name street after former prostitute who fought for sex workers rights
us kids doodles of scientists reveal changing gender stereotypes
upliftingnews in review for 7/9/17 7/16/16
thanksgiving meal to gobble up less money this year
stranger gives his first class seat to mom flying with a sick baby
5th grader saves choking classmate . he knew what to do by remembering a documentary he watched years ago . at first his parents said they thought he meant he saved a life when playing a video game .
chris berths is the first to cross the atlantic ocean on a paddleboard . he raised more than $490 , 000 that will go to signature of hope trust , the lunchbox fund , and operation smile .
legal marijuana cuts violence says us study , as medical use laws see crime fall
salem cyclist rides 5 , 350 miles in cross country trip
mississippi teen goes from homeless to harvard
more than 41 , 000 people will run the london marathon on sunday . when they reach mile 23 , they ' ll be handed edible pods made of seaweed extracts instead of a plastic water bottle .
b . c . teens invent ' smart cutlery ' that scans for bacteria , allergens , nutrition
beverly officers recognized for how they handled overdose case
ms paint lives on ! ! !
town throws teen with terminal cancer the wedding of his dreams
poverty levels dipped between 2014 , 2016
homeless man hands in designer wallet , gets rewarded with job and new flat
the fight for net neutrality is officially back on
five eu countries call for 100% renewable energy by 2050
texas prison system slashes price of inmate phone calls by 77 percent
two dogs save the life of their 87 year old owner when he got stuck in knee high mud
man drove 600 miles to listen to cubs win with his father at his grave , keeping his promise | daily snark
inventor helps a man with genetic skin disorder enjoy photography again 13 years after his fingers fused together
the earth ' s ozone hole is shrinking and is the smallest it has been since 1988
former waitress in arizona returns $1 , 000 she stole from restaurant in 1990s
believing they ' re infertile , couple agrees to adopt sisters and finds out they ' re pregnant with twins two weeks later
he walked all night to be on time for his first day of work . his boss was so impressed he gave him a car
the latest blood test to detect alzheimers may be able to predict the disease 10 years before symptoms occur with 100% accuracy . researchers from the national institute on aging are focusing on a protein in the brain called irs 1 that may signal the earliest stages of alzheimers .
guy in my town spends july 4th waving a huge flag at the center of town for the past 4 years .
abandoned dog leads rescuer to rabbit friend
a man serving a 50 year sentence for a sex crime conviction has been exonerated after the discovery of a missing dog
mother and daughter survive five days in the wilderness . . was following story and expected sad news . so happy they are fine !
executions at lowest level since 1991
most heart transplant patients dont live more than 20 years . he just passed 30 .
mixed race couples across america send photos of their love to old navy after racists attacked its advert featuring interracial family
mom names baby after 2 officers who helped deliver the newborn in parking lot
t series wins guinness world record certificate for 100 million subscribers on youtube . gives credit to his late father gulshan kumar . ( english subtitles + timestamps )
how japan is helping pensioners stay happy and have fun
police surprise drivers with thanksgiving turkeys instead of traffic tickets
army corps halts construction of dakota access pipeline
photo captures servers touching act for 91 year old veteran . server ate with this man during his lunch break because he had no one to talk to
ibn ali miller , who went viral after stopping street fight , will be honored by his local city council . says: it was the right thing to do
good samaritan buys $80 of candy after he spotted a young girl ' being harassed for selling the treats outside target '
carlsberg to replace plastic ring can holders with recyclable glue
police in germany rescue man being chased by baby squirrel
huntsville woman pays $120 pound fee so homeless man ' s dog can be released
5 snout less , happy vosd dogs the voice of stray dogs
africa ' s mountain gorilla population now exceeds 1 , 000
after reaching emotional breaking point , oregon woman receives free tree removal owner of tree removal business said it was the right thing to do in the spirit of christmas .
stellarton , nova scotia man handed cash , coffee , cannabis for filling potholes .
mayor removes ' papa john ' schnatter ' s name from hometown gym in wake of controversy , mails back $400k donation
macarthur grant will create sesame street for syrian refugees
tennessee girl safe , teacher arrested at california commune after month long disappearance .
college combats drug addiction and alcoholism with recovery dorms
divers looking at coral reefs after irma didn ' t expect what they saw down below
dad of girl losing her vision creates special toy to help her learn braille
rescued bear cub that faced euthanization celebrating 1st birthday
a 9 year old girl wrote a letter to nba star steph curry pointing out that his curry 5 sneakers appeared only in boys ' section . after he saw the letter , curry and under armour ( his shoe sponsor ) fixed the situation , sent her a pair of curry 5s and told her that she will receive the new curry 6s .
impossible whopper boosted burger king traffic by 18% , report says
best weatherman ever: the internet delights in a calming voice in a hurricane news cycle
florida man makes sure down and out kids have warm meal for christmas
miami restaurant donates profits to relief effort in greece
woman who is paralyzed hikes appalachian trail alone
officer delivers groceries rather than arresting woman
amazon to build a family shelter for mary ' s place within its seattle hq
royal british legion salutes 103 year old charity collector who ' s retiring after 97 years of raising money for veterans
why this bhopal cobbler calls himself doctor of shoes &amp; what makes him so angry
til about the oakland buddha , placed by a resident on a street corner to prevent illegal dumping , the statue has now become a shrine for the local vietnamese population who leave offerings and have even built a shelter for the buddah . crime in the area dropped 82%
federal judge blocks restrictive missouri abortion law
new hampshire now requires schools to stock free menstrual products in bathrooms
message in a bottle received 29 years after girl tossed it off s . c . shore
chinese baby with 31 fingers and toes to get surgery fees waived
damn daniel " donates his lifetime supply of white vans to a hospital
the 100% renewable energy movement is unstoppable . from here , the debate is likely to shift away from whether or not electricity will be decarbonized . it is about when and how fast this will happen , as well as what resources will be included . the world is changing . fast .
milo yiannopoulos resigns from breitbart news after critics say his comments endorsed pedophilia
woman loses wedding ring in italy , finds it 9 years later
supermarket sets up talking tables to combat loneliness
muslim volunteers give 5 , 000 turkeys to chicago families
100 year old and 102 year old tie the knot we fell in love with each other .
bangladeshs tigers bounce back after a poaching crackdown .
come on uk ! far fewer smokers , far fewer s wasted with tobacco companies and far fewer smoking related cancers in our future !
watch town surprise boy who is allergic to sunlight by turning nighttime into daytime
customer returns to starbucks with apology note and $50 after rude treatment of barista
comedian patton oswalt raises money for trump fan who trolled him after learning of health crisis
today is the birthday of the last living person born in the 1800s
band def leppard to have photo taken with the ark . school of the deaf . whose mascot is the leopards .
teen who rides bike miles to work gets surprise from family of co workers
estate donates $110 , 000 to alaska animal shelter
tokyo 2020: medals to be made from recycled waste
professor put on leave after allegedly mocking university of guelph student with ' severe anxiety '
man with cerebral palsy lands his dream job at a baseball stadium
farming neighbors help grieving grandfather bring harvest home
boston college janitor puts five kids through college tuition free .
local couple survives three wars , two kids , and 75 years of marriage
hero rescuer to become french citizen
166 coworkers split million dollar powerball jackpot
us national parks added $34 . 9 billion to economy
delhi metro named as world ' s first and only 100% ' green ' metro system
dog rescued from euthanization goes on to save family from gas leak
google cardboard , $20 toy like goggles , gave cardiac surgeons the perspective they needed to repair four month old teegan lexcenhers heart and lung .
muslim man spreads joy by delivering christmas gifts to homeless
there ' s now a masturbation booth in nyc made for men to relieve stress during the workday
a mountainview , california high school invested $15k in snapchat , now worth tens of millions
children in himalayan region getting hostel , improving life and education .
holocaust survivor helps buy hospital bed for polish rescuer , 102
afghan orchestra flourishes despite violence , social pressure
1st woman to officially run boston marathon to do it again 50 years later
michigan minimum wage increasing to $9 . 25/hr and will be pegged to inflation
the state of illinois passed house bill 2076 thursday banning bpa in paper
man is reunited with his dog found 1 , 100 miles away
after 20 years of jail , a wrongfully convicted idaho falls man will walk free tomorrow
nepal ' s 68 year old school student
he thought the bike was stolen , so he bought it
un declares somalia free of polio disease
this site lets you pay the water bill for a family in need
good samaritans frantically rush to save herd of elk that fall through ice into frigid water
spanish chef overcome the red cross efforts and provides over 1 . 5 million meals to puerto ricans
mexican bank intervenes after woman , 116 , deemed ' too old ' for card
9 year old ' s coffee shop opening doors for people with special needs
colorado caps the cost of insulin at $100
shes faster than some of our players: 103 year old rounds the bases ahead of toronto blue jays game
two varsity high school football players save cat from drainage pipe
abandoned sloth found a new friend
tesla turns power back on at childrens hospital in puerto rico
harris county deputy saves unconscious man from vehicle submerged in pond
judge ' s reaction to woman who got a ticket for parking a minute early is beautifully merciful
in a rare victory for landless villagers in africa , more than 1 , 500 people have been spared eviction as tanzania halts $500 million energy project to save wildlife
' censored ' nymphs painting back on show
nursing home builds real life 1950s memory lane to help dementia patients
experimental ebola vaccine is 97 . 5% effective and saving lives in the dr congo , who reports
syrian refugee gives money to struggling texas mother after refusing to buy her necklace
olive garden waitress ' facebook post saves children from allegedly abusive parents
49 new studio apartments for homeless open in denver
high school student invents ' justinkase ' tool that could save lives during shooting
dog in hungary guards body of dead owner
bettie bee , the kitten born with two faces , defying the odds
solar power is playing a growing role to save the bees solar companies are turning solar farms into solar apiaries , pollinator safe havens , with pollinator friendly plant seeding and bee boxes to promote bee colony health .
over 200 turtles rescued from wildlife smugglers in northern india
dad walks daughter to first and last day of school
karma at it ' s best: 5 poachers killed by a pride of lions and 3 injured after trying to shoot elephants
syrian refugees helping to build up flood defences for communities who took them in near manchester
bachelor party turns into puppy rescue mission when they find litter of puppies in the woods
this canadian law school is celebrating black history month by showing all of the black law students who have graduated in the school ' s 126 year history in one picture
vet student saves sick dog about to be euthanized
we may finally know what causes alzheimers and how to stop it
couple accidentally texts strangers about newborn , strangers show up to congratulate them
satanic temple statue unveiled at the arkansas state capitol
mcdonald ' s is getting rid of artificial flavors and preservatives from its vanilla soft serve
walmart cashier pays woman ' s bill after she breaks down at register
a mom whose 3 year old son peed in a parking lot was facing 60 days in jail . her charges were just dropped
climate change ' magic bullet ' gets boost
india may get rid of extreme poverty by 2030 , under 3% to remain poor by 2020
bancor to help reduce poverty in kenya with community currencies
food not bombs: dumpster divers use food to build community in inner brisbane
' my mother in law called me walter white ' : how magic mushrooms rescued me from grief
special package finds its destination
issac asimov and the star spangled banner
abusive , dead sociopath isn ' t getting an award for his pathetic excuse for music !
these hilarious swedish guys skipped banking careers to try to make it in bollywood now they ' re going viral
robotic drill reduces surgery time from hours to minutes
chinese ai beats 15 doctors in tumor diagnosis competition
mohammad aljaleel ' cat man of aleppo ' rescues hundreds of syrian cats
we are bringing back the " underappreciated " story of the month !
former students surprise music teacher who changed their lives
quebec grocery stores first in canada to send unused produce to food banks
government of india just announced world ' s largest healthcare program under the budget 2017 18 which will benefit half billion poor citizens
metal detectorist finds ring lost in sea
dog that was abandoned just before christmas last year now has new home !
daredevil bolivian women scale mountaintops in traditional dress
dozens of people attend birthday party for woman with autism
dems fundraise for firebombed gop office
cupid , the 2 legged puppy , left to die in the trash , walks/skis with his brand new prosthetics .
anheuser busch brewery halts production to send water to harvey victims
prince christian of denmark rescued by gold coast lifeguard bystander " do you know who you just rescued
memorial unveiled for bulldog who joined soldiers in trenches of world war i
stargazing live: cosmic karma rewards volunteers who kept perth observatory open
patriots become 1st nfl team to sponsor lgbt flag football group ' s ' gay bowl '
it was a routine shoplifting bust , until the cop noticed they were stealing diapers and decided they needed a good break .
one of chinas biggest megacities is building a giant waste to energy plant
wisconsin engineering students create prosthetic legs for chicago cat
iranian teenager had to use grenade belt to defend his homeland
a kentucky teen sued to attend school without a chickenpox vaccine . he just lost in court again
true aloha spirit family turns babies 1st luau into feast for wildfire evacuees in maui
nothing new , just a good boy saving his owner life
portugal bans use of wild circus animals
how to return a lost hat to its rightful owner
congress has set out a bill to stop the fcc taking away our internet . please spread this as much as you can .
pup ollie first patient at new seal hospital in oban bbc news
generous restaurant owner finds priceless gift after business burns down
surprise birthday flashmob for b . c . granny who wished life was a musical british columbia
missing northern california mother found safe , authorities say
waiter tipped $500 after random act of kindness toward grieving wife
a mexican physicist solved a 2 , 000 year old problem that will lead to cheaper , sharper lenses: its a phenomenon known as spherical aberration , and its a problem that even newton and greek mathematician diocles couldnt crack
the animal care team at dublin zoo take some extra measures to ensure animals are kept comfortable and protected in times of very warm weather . baby elephants having a gala time
if you get a diagnosis , keep moving ! " alan alda shares parkinson ' s diagnosis so that others are aware of things they can do if they find out they have the disease .
after surgery for an unrelated accident , woman regains eyesight and color vision after 20 years of legal blindness .
tesla deployed over 300 powerwalls in hawaiian schools to cool down hot classrooms .
popular social media group helps solve crimes in hawaii: " we essentially help people find their stolen property , identify criminals who have victimized them , as well as return lost and found property . " explained michael kitchens , founder of stolen stuff hawaii .
muere el merenguero dominicano joseito mateo
dog who loves adventures roams his way into so many hearts
jerusalem mayor says bus explosion caused by bomb that leaves 16 injured
son hails shop for mum ' s alzheimer ' s help: uk supermarket continues to employ woman after her diagnosis , finding new jobs for her as her condition worsened until she was unable to work .
vietnam vet gets best friend his long overdue purple heart
woman pulls over cop for speeding , gets apology
emotional moment siblings are told they ' re officially being adopted by foster parents on disney trip
vallarta supermarkets donates $110k for higher education
the 276 dogs that were rescued from deplorable conditions in howell , new jersey , are doing well , and adoption opportunities are coming .
camden barbers tackle mental health inequality
meet 10 year old genius who got $10 , 000 for discovering security fault in instagram
college students donate over 1 , 500 lbs of recovered food to nonprofit organizations .
new jersey woman raises $160 , 000 for homeless veteran/former helicopter paramedic who used his last $20 for gas when she ran out of fuel in the middle of the night on the side of the 1 95 .
local elementary student donates 17 inches of hair
first ever outer space badminton match played among cosmonauts and astronauts aboard the iss
florida brewery unveils six pack rings that feed sea turtles rather than kill them
students in upstate new york just raised $823 , 000 at the annual 24 hour marathon dance
seven year old hosts princess party at disney world for less fortunate children
new zealand men convicted of gay sex can have criminal records wiped
michigan boy raising money for a gravestone for best friend . . .
75 year old texas woman flies through tornado in bathtub , lands in woods unharmed
off duty mystery nurse saves strangers life | whnt
world ' s ' loneliest ' frog gets a date
north carolina revokes transgender and gay protections
steve o , whom i never thought would amount to anything , celebrated his 10 years of sobriety fishing a triathlon . he proved me wrong , so good on him . i take my bow of humility and high five steve .
a woman whose life was saved by a liver transplant has mapped the words " thank you nhs " using the app strava .
97 year old hockey superfan gets emotional welcome from fans after stay in hospital
possibly elon musk ' s biggest idea yet: ' global learning xprize . the goal is to develop methods to teach 250 million children who do not have access to primary or secondary education the means to teach themselves to read , write , and do math within 15 months . '
great things are happening in western montana !
a radio show in los angeles raised over 90 , 200 pounds of pasta and sauce and $291 , 000 to feed hungry children in southern california
microsoft is using its tv white spaces tech in hurricane hit puerto rico and the us virgin islands: tvws can be used to create wireless broadband connections over great distances; microsoft has used tvws to deploy wireless broadband in many developing countries .
north dakota teen gets accepted by all 8 ivy league schools
boko haram schoolgirls freed
animals to be banned from english circuses: according to a government consultation 94 . 5 per cent of the public support the ban .
calgary hitmen hockey fans break toy toss record | toronto star
frankfort receives $650k in private donations for new downtown park
101 year old st . louis woman becomes naturalized u . s . citizen | local | stltoday . com
miracle whip , hamburger helper and the zombie apocalypse: obituary goes viral
u . s . officials declare green sea turtles of florida and the pacific coast of mexico are no longer an endangered species , officials said , hailing decades of conservation work for saving the long imperiled creatures .
australian high school students have re created the life saving drug that martin shkreli price hiked by 4000 times for the low cost of two dollars a pill
a roman temple has been restored to its original site seven metres below the city of london , using sound , lights and misty haze to bring the ruin back to life . built in the third century , the london mithraeum was discovered by chance in 1954 on a world war ii bomb site .
indian man creates a free school under a bridge to educate new delhis poorest children
kidnapped echidna piggie gives birth to puggle on gold coast ( xpost /r/australia )
these friends travel thousands of miles for a game of tag
a successful attempt to reduce autism symptoms using a botox injection , written on the blog of a university of south carolina professor .
san francisco becomes first city in nation with a park 10 minute walk from every home
united way celebrates record donations for stuff the bus project
us bans new mining claims on public land near yellowstone
a war on waste food in france , where supermarkets are banned from throwing away unsold food and restaurants must provide doggy bags when asked , has helped it secure the top spot in a ranking of countries by their food sustainability .
clarkson supervisor jerry underwood donates salary to keep library open
assman , denied licence plate , displays name across truck ' s backside
a guy who made a chicken sandwich literally from scratch he grew a garden , harvested wheat , slaughtered a chicken , travelled to boil ocean water for salt , etc it took him 6 months and cost him $1 , 500 . he didn ' t think it tasted very good .
a man who had suffered burns over 95 percent of his body , putting him on the verge of death , was saved by a skin transplant from his identical twin in a world first operation , french doctors said thursday .
man who shattered his leg six days before his wedding gets married in a wheelchair
india hits 20gw solar capacity milestone
the first ever war horse grave has been given heritage protection as historic england celebrates unusual listings . the grave in halewood , merseyside , is one of more than 1 , 000 historical sites given heritage protection in 2017 , the government ' s heritage agency said .
waltham firefighters rescue ducklings from storm drain
a young man helps homeless man find a job and change his life
prisoners volunteering to support dogs for veterans with ptsd through new charity
after near death experience , soccer coach starts club for kids
dog rescued by stranger in sc flood is now part of the family
156 , 945 , 000: 2018 ends with record employment
new zealand town builds underpass for march of the penguins
group of witnesses rush to flip overturned truck and rescue driver on interstate
laundromat owner washes thousands of pounds of laundry for homeless for free
bob marleys new easy skanking has been updated to celebrate the legacy of the reggae legend and its birthplace .
south korean woman raises more than 200 dogs rescued from the streets , dog restaurants and farms .
greece , ny gives free meals to all students regardless of income
cat wakes oklahoma family during late night house fire
seaworld to stop breeding killer whales , and making them perform tricks for everyone !
girlfriend saves her boyfriend after he was struck by lightning
chance the rapper announces his new warmest winter initiative , where he plans to raise $100k for 1000 winter coats for homeless chicagoans . a staggering 20% of cps students are homeless , and chance plans to help keep them warm this winter season .
5 year old best friends got the same haircut to trick their teacher so she wouldnt able to tell them apart
the scottish boat that helps feed malawi
egyptian boy travels alone to italy to save his sick young brother
cheerleader , battling cancer , gets orange roses from football team
love is blind: man ' s social experiment goes viral
woman makes remarkable recovery after bitten by shark and now volunteers at trauma center
senators vote to allow babies on senate floor
with mosques still under water , kerala temple let muslims offer namaz in its compound
security guards son emerges the best graduating student at his university , delivers a touching speech
lsu marketing students donates more than 2 , 800 pounds of food for greater baton rouge food bank
pearl jam donates $300 , 000 to flint water crisis
first female african american battalion in the army honored decades after their wwii service
australians ' one stop liver shop ' : chronic hepatitis b ' will be eliminated in nt in five years '
new orleans reduced homelessness by 90% ( and saved a fortune ) by giving homeless people homes
nebraska boy born with a stump below his elbow presented a prosthetic arm by ' star wars ' group decked out in imperial costume .
hms queen elizabeth sailors praised by florida uber driver for fixing her car
michigan humane society helping veterans get pets
snubbed by one team , transgender football player feels at home at last
two black bears held captive for bile released after 18 years in vietnam
a man walked around disney world with a t shirt that said ' in need of kidney ' and it worked
pirates have freed the tanker marine express and her 22 indian crew .
india ' s tiger population rises to nearly 3 , 000 up from 2200 in 2014 making the country one of the safest and biggest habitats for the endangered animals .
baylor basketball player with marfan syndrome now cleared to play basketbal
austin texas girl , 7 , is youngest ever to climb mount kilimanjaro does it in honor of late dad
woman totally forgets her card and leaves it with a stranger , gets married to him later in life
forty of the world ' s biggest companies agreed on monday to come up with cleaner ways to make and consume plastic as waste threatens the global ecosystem , especially in oceans
u . s . army develops new type of cathode chemistry that makes batteries safer and more efficient . currently , soldiers carry batteries weighing between 15 20 lbs . but the new type of cathode and electrolyte would result in safer and more efficient batteries weighing half as much .
thanks to captive breeding , the 20 strong population has multiplied tenfold in only one year in a project run by frog experts .
costa rica has gone 76 straight days using 100% renewable electricity
she ' s being called the next albert eistein
the unemployment rate for college grads with a bachelors degree dropped to 2 . 3%
firefighter adopts puppy he rescued from under pile of rocks
canada has been the largest importer of shark fins outside of asia until now . canada just ended the import and export of shark fins in modernized fisheries act passed yesterday . . .
nerves of steel: she calmly landed the southwest flight , just as youd expect of a former fighter pilot
biodegradable ' plastic ' from cactus juice mexican researcher discovered a way to turn cactus leaves into a material with similar properties to plastic , that is not toxic and is biodegradable .
one of africa ' s largest wildlife preserves is marking a year without a single elephant found killed by poachers , which experts call an extraordinary development in an area larger than switzerland where thousands of the animals have been slaughtered in recent years
mom who lost her 2 babies now fosters 100 kids
cape elizabeth students help peace corps volunteer create panama library
homeless 8 year old living in shelter wins new york chess championship
the war victim bringing bosnians and serbs together
free homecoming dresses for in need teens .
teen brothers raise thousands for charity with annual hot cocoa stand
aussie man offers all his possessions if someone kills him . . . instead people rally to save him
watch: rescuers remove stray tire from snout of rhinoceros
china ' s ' kung fu grandma ' still teaching martial arts at 93
california ' s new gold rush ? disclose . tv
playstation employee creates special controller for nj gamer with cerebral palsy
unused cafeteria food turned into take home meals for kids
nicholas sparks productions shuts down
switzerland promises to slash emissions
video: raytown firefighters help man get home by pushing his electric wheelchair
billionaire george soros to give 400million to migrants because governments have failed
lost at sea and feared dead , dog found on island after 5 weeks
woman , 100 , weds partner after 30 years
' giving something back ' : denmark ' s refugee entrepreneurs . a new project in denmark aims to help refugees start their own businesses , challenging the perspective , held by some , that they are a burden .
the transgender acid attack survivor running for parliament
96 year old man helped save bluebirds in idaho by building over 300 nest boxes across the state
a man has been reunited with his two dogs who were inside his car when it was stolen by a drunk stranger .
holiday cheer: students build hi tech toys for disabled kids
transformers optimus prime and bumblebee , and their arch enemy barricade visit seriously ill five year old and optimus sends him a special video message
christmas baby helped by birthday buddy to pay it forward
after cop saves baby from choking , her parents ask him to be her godfather
lions , chimpanzees , giraffes , leopards and a wide variety of sharks received added protection at a un wildlife conference in the philippines
offer of cigarette to homeless man reunites brothers after 28 years
such a sweet story
' the dog that has saved my life 3 , 500 times '
bronies , fans of my little pony , raises almost 27 , 000 for animal equality
hero lost at pearl harbor comes home after years in an unknown grave
american tourist rescued after being kidnapped in uganda
not everything in north carolina is horrible . coffee shop staffed by employees with intellectual and developmental disabilities is making exceptional coffee !
a government program is giving out 10 , 000 fitbits to help measure americans health
fur farming to be banned in ireland .
how one couple ' s love story sparked change in their community , block by block
in a california elementary school , parents have a classroom of their own
australia ' s longest serving flight nurse comes in for landing
that fighter who died in the cage last weekend wants you to know hes feeling much better
los angeles votes to convert jail into mental health treatment center .
an mba who became ' multimedia designer ' because of his passion .
florida firefighters save mans life , then return to save his grass
little girl who had pioneering operation to fix her spine walks unaided to meet santa . " look santa , i can walk .
superheroes clean windows at sanford children ' s hospital
drake donates $50k to homeless shelter
17 year old deaf and blind dog leads rescuers to missing girl in queensland
israeli scientists claim to have found cure for cancer
separated during partition of india , reunited after 7 decade search
' i lost both my legs , but still feel lucky '
turtle returns to wetlands group that saved her 19 years ago
more than 50 bikers rally to escort bullied 11 year old boy to school
toblerone to revert to original shape .
father of murdered muslim pizza delivery driver forgives man convicted over killing then hugs him in court
russia moves to free nearly 100 captive whales after outcry
amazon to build a permanent mary ' s place family shelter within its seattle headquarters
study finds you can ' pet your stress away ' by cuddling cats and dogs
he was suicidal . mdma treatment was his miracle
in appalachian coal country , miners are bereft of jobs . so a software company in kentucky is teaching them to code .
cute baby raccoons find temporary home at oakland zoo
finding nemo: poodle back home after 10 days missing in ottawa
three years after india made it compulsory to use plastic waste in road construction , there are now 100 , 000 kilometres of plastic roads in the country .
' heroes ' save blind man who fell on to subway track in toronto
nfl player walks into shelter , asks to adopt " a dog thats been there a long time and maybe not so adoptable
lego to launch sustainable , plant based plastic pieces
a love letter lost in the walls of a new jersey home reached a world war ii veteran 72 years after it was written .
a wayward seal pup that was struck by a car after wandering onto a road two times in cape breton is munching on fish and recovering at a wildlife shelter outside halifax . hope for wildlife facility trying to fatten up underweight seal pup nicknamed e . t .
saudi arabian street cleaner gifted gold jewellery after online ridicule
joe biden spotted talking to homeless man in d . c . in viral photo
46 environmental victories since the first earth day
officer pays for mans meal after restaurant calls 911
italian woman granted sick pay to look after ill dog
after a soaking winter , spring is bringing california an amazing amount of snowmelt and rain
tiger found in state of gujarat in india after 3 decades of no signs of any tigers in that state
arkansas boy became best friend with a dog who has the same rare skin disease as him
redditors transcend ! let ' s see what you can do for mali , the loneliest elephant
obama commutes 348 prison sentences , the most of any president in recent history
nc student , diabetic service dog featured side by side in yearbook
andrew luck says career threatening shoulder injury saved his relationship with his wife
hawaii hiker found alive after two weeks missing
a different kind of ken griffey jr . story
man lands job after officer gives him a ride to interview instead of a ticket
commuters unite to help lost syrian family get to their destination
father embraces driver accused of hitting and killing his son on christmas day ( x post r/australia )
remote italian village has over 2 , 000 residents that are living past 100 years old
holocaust hero honored 75 years after dramatic rescue of fellow jews from nazis
the day i became ' international womans day hero '
deafblind swimmer successfully advocates for accessible flashing lights at swim meets
man runs into burning house to save family dog
india: mumbai auto drivers customers helped 18 year old son clear entrance test
the inspiring story of a man who became a top bicycle repairman after losing nine fingers and both legs
a girl with autism had a sensory overload in a shoe store . this teenager went ' above and beyond ' to help her
remember the ice bucket challenge in 2014 ? its funds helped discover the gene linked to als
alaska program allows drivers to pay off parking fines by donating school supplies
low cost , printable solar panels offer ray of hope amid energy gridlock
manchester nurses send pizzas to london nhs staff after terror attack
when china demands names of airline ' s employees who protested , ceo lists only himself
chick fil a makes special sunday delivery to boy before brain tumor operation
woman battling cancer stunned by amazing act of kindness from waitress
india unveils ambitious plan to have only electric cars by 2030 india will have only electric cars by 2030 , with " not a single petrol or diesel car " being sold in the country by that time .
unesco has removed the belize barrier reef from its list of endangered world heritage sites after nine years . it said the government of the central american country had taken " visionary " steps to preserve it .
mom thanks kind heart cashier who cheered up her 3 year old baby
for the seventh year in a row , the day after thanksgiving is the aspcas cat friday , and as a partnership with subaru share the love , the nonprofit will waive adoption fees for the nearly 100 available cats and kittens at its adoption center on the upper east side .
uk set to generate more power from zero carbon sources for the first time since the industrial revolution
gay sex no longer a crime in india , rules supreme court on section 377 in historic judgment
the foster father who cares when terminally ill kids have no one
ice announces program to allow local law enforcement to make immigration arrests
voluntary pet insurance on an upward trajectory
on holiest day in islamic calendar , houston muslims lend a helping hand
thirteen year old quinn macaskill hopes she can motivate people to care about climate change through her poetry . " if we want to stop climate change , we need people to be engaged and informed about climate change and motivated to take action , " macaskill said
a first nation in northwestern ontario that had been under a boil water advisory for 14 years now has clean water with the opening of a new treatment plant .
jumping for joy video goes viral; watch 4 year old wyatt reach new heights in his wheelchair
i love kids and their outlooks of the world .
world bank is giving $22 billion in funding to help all of africa stave off climate change
palmyra world heritage site saved from isil
bob ross is now a happy little funko toy
australia slashes plastic bag use by 80 percent in just 3 months
a kentucky dentist set up a mobile dental clinic so he could drive around offering free dental care to disadvantaged children in appalachia
this teenage wrestler has a perfect record and a state title . he also has no legs .
scottish first minister announces 250m plan to improve mental health support , starting with schools and universities .
couple decide to give all of huge lottery win to grandchildren
after watching an episode of house m . d . , a doctor from germany learned of a patient ' s previously unknown hip replacement and correctly diagnosed them with cobalt poisoning , saving their life .
muslim woman strikes up friendship with ' terrified ' passenger who saw her text the word ' allah '
cancer deaths are down overall , new report says
drinking coffee before bed does not affect sleep quality , study finds
20 animation studios worked pro bono to create a series of animated shorts to help kids with cancer .
my girlfriend ' s amazing daughter on coping with loss: featured on 9news denver
salvation army volunteer rings bell with pet goat
these animals were betrayed ' : more than 600 recovered in near record rescue
fallen skier saved in 12 hour rescue on scottish mountain
when his mother blacked out the wheel , a quick thinking eight year old boy took control of a car and steered it to safety across a busy road before calling emergency services
dog missing for 5 days is found alive in a snowbank in maine
tyler perry paid off more than $430 , 000 in layaways ahead of christmas
new york police went to a whole foods about suspected shoplifter . then they paid for her groceries .
uganda unveils africa ' s first solar powered bus cnn . com
first fully accessible splash park opens in texas
man buys a hate groups domain and turns it into a gay furry site
gamers raise 2m for charity .
as sweden prepares for its election , heres why holocaust survivor emerich roth needs your help to fight the extreme right again .
sa ' fyre has received our mail and the post office can ' t store it all !
blind cat metu rescued after a week in flooded home .
more than two dozen monkeys that were test subjects in nicotine addiction research have been moved from an arkansas lab to a florida primate sanctuary
7 year old boy makes and markets marshmallows
a firm called cuseum is using ar to digitally restore stolen priceless pieces of art to the walls of the gardner museum .
my wife was diagnosed with breast cancer when she was 9 weeks pregnant , this is her story . . .
one eyed pug finds forever home at at park hyatt chicago
2 men trapped in grain bin successfully rescued
how a syrian refugee is recreating his " american dream " for the next generation
30 years after heart transplant , belleville mans life is amazing
world war ii navy pilot who crashed on oahu may finally come home: for 73 years , the remains of nashville world war ii navy pilot harold demoss have been difficult to reach but not hard to find .
iran reverses decision to deny entry to us wrestling team for the 2017 freestyle world cup
watch this cashier stun customers with sensational singing voice
life changing invention made this woman with parkinson ' s write again ! wowscience
student in metro commercial receives scholarship to tsu
this chart shows that life satisfaction peaks at age 69 go figure .
pornhub is planting a tree for every 100 videos watched
chosen family: clayton woman adopts son after meeting his birth mother on flight
the 18 year old climate warrior who sued the us federal government and president trump for its affirmative actions that cause climate change
supreme court of malawi bans thin plastic production , environmentalists happy the supreme court dismissed an appeal by plastic manufacturers who said they were not properly consulted on the implications of the ban and the harm it would do to their businesses
a dutch church has been conducting religious services for 27 days to protect a refugee family from deportation
stranger gifts barbershop to man behind haircuts for homeless
man drives hours to provide drought stricken wildlife with water
iraqi boy trapped in mosul for years finally reunited with mother
over 25 cats rescued from hoarder ' s bridgewater apartment
volunteers brave l . a . ' s infamous skid row to help those most in need
scientists reveal the most appropriate temperature for happy dreams
four teens rush into a burning home , saving the life of a 90 year old neighbor
angela davis on ferguson , palestine &amp; the foundations of a movement
tennis legend andre agassi ' s early childhood neuroscience foundation has teamed up with scientists from the university of california , san francisco and a company called square panda to develop the first ever universally free dyslexia assessment game
former slave , two time olympian becomes an airman
assistance dog gives girl with autism a voice
private companies are keeping yellowstone clean during the govt shutdown: " it should be open , and services should be there , because it is the people ' s park
small but power packed !
touching story of sainsbury ' s staff and dementia sufferer
15 year old afghan refugee , father killed by taliban , on cusp of becoming professional rugby league player
community raises over $140 , 000 in 4 days , for 34 year old high school teacher , young father , diagnosed with stage iv brain tumor
2 chainz gives a minivan to a family in need
orphaned baby elephant saved from starvation
an unlikely hurricane hero takes over chaotic texas storm shelter
kind hearted strangers offer ' shelter , lifts and tea ' to people affected by london bridge terror attack
long lost daughter calls mom after 83 years
christian mccaffrey and friends helped save a hiker ' s life
mayor duke the dog elected for third term in minnesota town
for the first time ever , the flag of an arab nation lit up tel aviv city hall in solidarity for deadly terror attack in egypt
celebrities donate to waffle house hero
coal dependent chile vows to eradicate fuel by 2040
thousands of palestinian and israeli women march for peace .
rescued parrots up for adoption land sanctuary in delta , b . c . , via craigslist | the star
17 year old spends memorial day playing bag pipes for strangers at national cemetary
because if they ' re not okay , the community is not okay: arizona governor signs bill providing treatment of ptsd for responders
all apple park employees getting standing desks because ' sitting is the new cancer '
hurricane matthew rescue animals find homes after storm
95 year old girl guide wins award
ny ' s gov . cuomo proposed a plan that would give students whose family earns &lt;$125k a year free tuition in ny public colleges
a dog that found a home after spending nearly a year at a boston shelter only to wind up back in the shelter , has a new new home . brandys original stay 361 days was one of the longest in mspca history . her owners were forced to surrender her after a change to the pet policy at their complex .
photographer focuses on helping dogs find forever homes
a man decided to adopt a dog with cancer to give him a happy life . superhero i like this story
a homeless man who sold the big issue now has a place at cambridge university
camp fire survivor reunites with dog that saved him : )
emily scheck , a 19 years old college athlete in new york , was disowned by her family for being a lesbian . her roommate fund raised $58 , 000 online , but ncaa warned emily that she would be barred from running if she did not return the money , due to their rules . today ncaa reversed the rule .
adam wainwright rents car for prospect after seeing him walk everywhere . ( offered to buy him a car , but sherrif refused )
panasonic to recognize same sex partnerships in rare step for conservative japan
alistair brownlee gives up chance to win world triathlon series to help stricken brother jonny over line
luxury cars , police cars and horses in line to give kids in a hospital for a ride in sweden !
bellevue ceo pays off walmart layaways for 110 washington families
rhino poachers eaten by lions in south africa
couple took in an 80 year old woman who was living in the woods , and cared for her through death
kenai the puppy saves injured bald eagle stranded and freezing to death in the snow
fortnite streamer drlupo raises another $611 , 000 for st . judes childrens research hospital
new zealand shooting at christchurch mosque: hero tackled alleged gunman , took weapon , forced him to flee
: )
india will be the first to power its ports with green energy
final resting place found for 3 year old who died in 19th century sf
according to the humane society , a farm in south korea held more than 200 dogs and puppies in outdoor cages with the intended purpose of human consumption . after closing down the meat farm , humane society international ( hsi ) sent the dogs to affiliates around the world .
wendy ' s gives free chicken nuggets , and $100k for charity
boy , 8 , drives sister , 4 , to mcdonald ' s for a cheeseburger , doesn ' t hit anything on the way
moby gives away four hours of ambient music designed for sleeping or meditation
california aims to be entirely green powered by 2045
ups driver adopts shelter dog who jumped into his truck
in memory of his best friend
homecoming queen also nails game winning field goal
implant , intense rehab help 3 paralyzed for years take steps
lebanon ' s parliament has scrapped a law under which a rapist could be exempt from punishment if he married his victim .
uplifting . . . . yes . another dirty cop off the beet .
man creates tiny hedgehog crossings all over london
aurora shooting survivor zack golditch hopes perseverance leads to nfl draft opportunity
stanford researchers stunned by stem cell experiment that helped stroke patient walk
uber driver saves 16 year old girl from sex trafficking
' i was looking for my mother but found my twin instead ' " the first time i saw my brother , i just froze . i couldn ' t say anything . we sat down on the sofa in his house . there was silence . then i started to cry .
south carolina teen feeds thousands of homeless with vegetables she grows herself
tva votes to close kentucky coal fired power plant over objections from president trump , other state gop leaders
a 73 year old ran a one woman voter registration drive outside a new york trader joe ' s
homeless man rescues disabled man from robbers in birmingham , alabama
comfort cases: former foster child helps other kids in foster care
joplin man finds friend for christmas
' sweet elderly lady ' sees 1st jets game after chance encounter with strangers
free health care clinic opens in cleveland , oh area mosque
selfless woman donates her kidney to her ex five years after divorce
my son is proof medicinal cannabis works: alfie dingley is now seizure free and learning to ride a bike
gold medal for indian man 47 years after exam
woods humane society found homes for so many pets this weekend that it only has a few left
close to $1 million raised in a few hours towards a home for als sufferers in tiny malta
coming together from all over the state , this female brew crew is made up of nearly 100 ladies who craft specially made beer , then donate the proceeds back to women ' s charities in the community .
pet cat rescued from rubble more than six days after italy earthquake
hospital sedation program a success for children with needle phobias
please use them when it ' s too noisy because of me: thoughtful mother hands out 200 bags of candy and earplugs to fellow plane passengers in case her baby cries on board
after 3 years under isis , mosul ' s children finally go back to school
muslims welcome gay ambassador to mosque
' the receipt printed and i almost collapsed ' : secret santa leaves generous tip for single maine mom
couple ' s 73 year old love story is so strong not even dementia can break it
south koreas coast guard said it rescued all 163 people from a ferry that hit a large rock in waters off the countrys southwestern coast on sunday . at least six people sustained minor injuries .
plastic makes up nearly 70% of all ocean litter . scientists have discovered that microscopic marine microbes are able to eat away at plastic , causing it to slowly break down . two types of plastic , polyethylene and polystyrene , lost a significant amount of weight after being exposed to the microbes .
st albans student becomes a have a go hero after stepping in following racial attack on muslim woman
officer pens open letter to 18 year old he stopped for speeding: ' you are not invincible '
8 year old boy starts bow tie business to honor father killed in little rock shooting
sacramento kings ' new arena will fully accommodate transgender fans
the indian government reduced prices of nine anti cancer drugs by 90%
there are wildfires raging in the interior of my province this summer . some of which are destroying small towns . although this is hundreds of km from where we live , a guy i graduated with has taken it upon himself to organize a can drive to bring supplies to firefighters and displaced residents .
walmart offers to foot college tuition bills for u . s . employees
man who got 1st us penis transplant released from hospital
cop answers 911 fight call , ends up in viral dance video
sir ian mckellen celebrated his 80th birthday when he performed a one off free solo show at the norwich playhouse for 80 people aged 80 and their guests .
this is for your wife . i know it was real expensive when my daddy died . ' student gives ice cream money to teacher , tears start flowing
freaky fast christmas gift: jimmy john owner pays off multiple layaway bills for the holidays .
syrian man is granted asylum in canada after living in airport for seven months
by swapping solar photovoltaics for coal , the us could prevent 51 , 999 premature deaths a year , potentially making as much as $2 . 5 million for each life saved .
daughter calls 911 when mom is badly cut . all that she asks as a reward is skittles .
a hop farming revival is currently happening in europe
russian teenager born with no fingers becomes celebrated piano player
city leaders vote unanimously to decriminalize marijuana in atlanta
california sees $9 billion surplus , passes budget to help poor
most of the world ' s countries agree to sharply reduce plastic in oceans | cbc news
my grandfather with the va doctor that saved him from the brink of death against all odds . this was about a week after the surgery when tests confirmed he had beat cancer for the third time ! who do you think looks the happiest , gpa or doc ?
bald eagle resurgence is a win for new york state
ghana marks 10 years of polio free status
boy gets new superhero themed prosthetic hand
thousands of easter eggs wash up on german beach storm knocked shipping containers off a passing freighter and mayor quickly made the decision to allow local kindergarteners to gather as many of the eggs as they wanted
john oliver buys $15m in medical debt , then forgives it
dad creates vr world to help daughter , who has learning difficulties because of williams syndrome . his project aims to bring school trips into the home .
5th graders are giving up their valentine ' s day party and donating it to kids with life threatening illnesses
origami vending machine in nikko shines light on disabled artists
this philadelphia museum hired iraqi and syrian refugees as tour guides for its middle east gallery
two syrian refugees tied up a fellow migrant who planned to bomb a berlin airport and alerted police , helping prevent a massacre
i thought , i ' m going to get a helicopter no matter what . " : aussie man hires a chopper in frantic search to find missing son and finds him .
french government to promote gender equality in the tech ecosystem
japanese girl , nine , becomes world ' s youngest professional player of go
texas senior throws pizza party for homeless instead of graduation celebration
volunteers work through the night to rescue deaf , blind puppy that fell into a 50 ft deep hole where she was stuck for 36 hours
mexicos new president doesnt want mexicans to have to immigrate to the us
victim of arson who lost her father and siblings only wants cards for christmas . let ' s deliver !
alex trebek to host again after his completion of chemotherapy .
maryland tattoo shop offers free removal of racist , gang related tattoos
guinea pigs cured of ebola with antibodies , raising hopes for treatment in humans
football team trapped in elevator for hours make a rap song to pass time
utah becomes 1st state to legalize so called ' free range parenting '
a dublin janitor wins the rooney prize for irish literature from the university she cleans
redtailed hawk set free after recovering from head injury
viral louisiana supermarket employee who let autistic customer stock shelves gets $100 , 000 for college
uh football coach tom herman ' s giving nature more than just talk
us says 75% of isis fighters killed
5 year old survivor of texas church shooting wants christmas cards
message in a bottle sent in 1969 author found; finally gets his pen pal he wanted !
new york , a historically impoverished city , now has a poverty rate below 20% and dropping rapidly . quarter million people out of poverty in past 3 years .
twin tragedies give survivor new face
tears as korean families are reunited after 65 years
alabaster police officers pay it forward , help homeless man passing through during cold snap
new zealand gun buyback: 10 , 000 firearms returned after christchurch attack . for me ( someone who detest gun violence ) , this belongs here too .
ethiopia breaks world record , plants more than 350 million trees in 12 hours
a 4 year old rang the police because he wanted them at his birthday party , and they attended .
til capture vascular inc . s megavac could remove blood clots from arteries a new standard in thrombectomy
more than a dozen people help pull driver from overturned car on i 20
savannah chatham police chief accepted a donation of 150 backpacks with school supplies from savannah college of art and design on monday for savannah impact programs stuff the container initiative . this initiative helps families in the community get back to school supplies .
officer ' s calming of suicidal student goes viral
although money may not literally grow on trees , the quest hotel cebus giving tree will create proceeds for humanitarian deeds of the daughters of wisdom , a non profit government organization .
parents make amazing costumes for son in wheelchair
the 98 year old freedom fighter still battling for his idea of india in a country where corruption is endemic , he stands tall for his honesty and fights for what he believes in
13 truckers line up to save man from jumping off overpass
golden retriever therapy dog with four prosthetic paws can ' t stop spreading smiles
racist reader calls newspaper to complain that black graduate from local university was featured in front page photo; graduate responds , invigorated ( link to original editorial in editor ' s note )
albany firefighter makes miracle recovery from near fatal sepsis
scientists observe first signs of healing in the antarctic ozone layer
man who walked 20 miles to work gets boss ' car cnn video
muslims donate 30 , 000 bottles of water to flint , michigan , during water crisis
cattle rancher ' s wife goes vegan , turns ranch into animal sanctuary [x post /r/news]
an 18 year old buys her first lottery ticket and wins $1 , 000 a week for life
' all he wants is to be loved ' : dog finds forever home after tragic abuse
taiwanese man paints graffiti in village to attract young people so the elderly aren ' t so lonely .
color blind boys scheme to get same haircut to trick teacher
privileged should try and create a better world ' : second richest man in india gives $7 . 5 billion to his charitable foundation
worlds oldest golfing club to finally admit women
international women ' s day: meet the grannies going to school bbc news
southern california car wash mogul to pay $4 . 2 million for cheating 800 workers
woman discovers elderly dog she adopted to be same one she was given as a child
thousands flock to libya ' s first comic con
london pride 2017: london gay men ' s chorus and the lion king perform circle of life | london evening standard
couple lets house go to the dogs to find homes for thousands of rescues . " since 2005 , danta and robertshaw have taken in and adopted out more than 11 , 000 animals .
santa monica is the first city in the world to measure its residents wellbeing
dog runs away from car crash on sunday and is found monday morning outside a pet store
christmas cards for girl who lost family in fire overwhelm n . y . post office
walmart to pay $65 million to settle lawsuit over seating for cashiers
insane clown posse showers arson victim with gifts . . . " her dad was one of us
missing qulin , missouri , girl found in cornfield with dog | the state
[spanish] blue macaw is born in paraguay and saves its species from extinction .
in 2017 , four us states generated more than 30% of their electricity from wind
home depot workers build lemonade stand for boy who wanted raise money for friend with cancer
the economic value of quiet recreation on blm lands
a fall in the 5 , 000 delivers an uplifting moment
motorcycle clubs buy gifts for hundreds of christmas angels
local teachers donate 200 turkeys to food pantries
formerly homeless vet now helping others change lives
warren buffett ' s sister roberta donates $100 million to children ' s health care
canada wants to welcome more than 1 million new immigrants in the next three years
therapy dogs help mental patients with touch and socializing
father daughter dance at her wedding proves life changing for this dad
oglala sioux tribe legalizes same sex marriage
watch: helicopter crew braves raging fire to rescue trapped trio
middle schooler named hero after saving 50 students during school bus crash
iraqi refugee familys tearful reunion with their cat they couldnt leave behind
maryland man forced to walk 10miles to restaurant job is gifted a car
n . j . cops arrested 177 drug users , and then helped 148 of them get clean
the alaska state troopers + chocolate cheesecake
british muslim group denounces anti semitism in full page newspaper ad
96 year old wwii vet , becomes usc ' s oldest graduate
7 year old boy paralyzed in car accident dances thanks to harness therapy ( source: abc news )
corn snake found in empty left apartment , now in care of the animal shelter flensburg .
nyc sanitation department searches through hundreds of bags of garbage at waste station to help woman find her wedding and engagement rings , that she accidentally threw away .
volunteer effort aims to make clark county park more accessible to public
choose love: the shop where customers buy gifts for refugees
a recovering drug addict secretly treats a table of emts to breakfast , bringing them to tears
weeklong destiny charity stream raises $500 , 000 for st . jude childrens hospital , doubling their previous largest donation .
he was orphaned at 11 and by age 20 had already become a millionaire: meet the 20 year old kenyan boy who turned down harvard to build a successful company .
canada surgeon operates on teddy bear for 8 year old boy
a pregnant restaurant server gets a $900 tip
volunteers needed to cuddle goats at nelson county farm
cards against humanity buys its chinese factory workers a week ' s vacatio
heartwarming moment state trooper sits and eats lunch with panhandler
utah woman donates over 1 , 200 handmade toys to migrant children separated from parents
the untold story of how india ' s sex workers prevented an aids epidemic | today , 2 . 1 million indians are living with hiv . the prevalence of hiv is 0 . 22% , lower than that of the us .
cop responds to noise complaint of black kids by playing basketball with them . video goes viral .
geelong footwear company ' emu australia ' finds perfect fit in syrian migrant shoemaker anas jawish 20 years ' experience making shoes in syria
mich . teenager wins $500 , 000 lottery , will give most of winnings to his parents
kid rock paid off all the layaways at a walmart in nashville
pit bull saves owners from carbon monoxide poisoning
grandma accidentally invites stranger to thanksgiving and it gets better
tanzania president john magufuli helps clean streets
donald trump lashes out at media and intelligence agencies over russia claims
african leaders commit to end hunger by 2025 through investments in agriculture
world ' s first zero emissions hydrogen train to go into service in germany
wind power prices now lower than the cost of natural gas . in the us , it ' s cheaper to build and operate wind farms than buy fossil fuels . the capacity factor for projects built in the previous four years has now hit 42 percent , a figure that would once have required offshore wind .
couple who uprooted 180 year old tree on protected property ordered to pay $586 , 000
kendrick lamar wins pulitzer prize for music with " damn .
10 year old girl dies while saving two children from runaway suv
former jersey klansman found forgiveness and an unlikely friend in a black church
police have released a dramatic video showing the moments a deputy rescued a young child in june after she was left inside a sweltering car for more than 12 hours .
female chief in malawi breaks up 850 child marriages and sends girls back to school
there is a type of fungus that can instantly induce orgasms in women with its smell: the bright orange fungus only grows on 600 year old hawaiian lava flows .
hamilton cast helps children in need
the goodnewspaper a quarterly print that shines a light on the people , ideas and movements that are changing the world for the better
texas local fast food restaurant throws a surprise birthday party for mourning grandpa
couple wins $1 . 5 million xprize with invention that can make water out of thin air
gene therapy in the womb has been test to prevent a fatal neurodegenerative disease
over 1216 reconstruction projects have been completed in aleppo city since liberation in 2016
wayne brewer joins statewide beer benefit for flood relief ( ne )
from bodyguard to queen , thailands suthida makes public debut asean+ | the star online
university of minnesota grants dying man ' s wish to see his son graduate
2 year old found safe after going missing in premier lake provincial park
this dallas man commutes six hours round trip to get to his better paying job doesn ' t complain , just wants to make his life better .
california community buys out donuts shop inventory daily before dawn so owner can spend time with sick wife
china makes a u turn on legalizing tiger and rhino trade following international outcry
sea turtles are making a huge comeback , thanks to the endangered species act
brave man jumped on the tube tracks to save another man ' s life
a hospice patient ' s final request was to watch the battle of winterfell . the ' game of thrones ' cast did her one better
reselling tickets for more than face value to be banned in ireland
paid paternal leave is finally becoming more common
random encounter with dentist changes new jersey woman ' s life
how one inuit community won against big oil
catholic church to make record divestment from fossil fuels
ahmadiyya muslim world leader urges prayer , kindness to enemies
a teen who was in and out of homelessness has been accepted to 17 colleges
a school in india has asked the parents to plant trees instead of paying fee for their children .
sandy city to erect i have a dream statue later this year in honor of mlk | fox13now . com
felon turned lawyer tells his story
israel said readying to take in 100 orphaned syrian refugees
high school robotics team builds special wheelchair for toddler
the church of england is encouraging primary school students to explore their gender identity
texas fire department finally hires its first female firefighter after more than a century: shes part of the family
16 year old pushes a double amputee in wheelchair away from devastating tornado
scientists accidentally discover efficient process to turn co2 into ethanol
drowning kangaroo rescued by australian police officers
high school cross country team takes animal shelter dogs for morning run
superhero helps out
96 year old indian women tops grade 4 equivalent exams
animal crossing announced for nintendo switch
fyre festival victim recoups more than $100 , 000 in gofundme donations after scam
mexico earthquake: child found alive in frantic search at damaged school
hoping for unity , kent state basketball puts a new spin on the national anthem
india ' s national thermal power corporation to plant 10 million trees during 2016 17
italian court rules food theft ' not a crime ' if hungry
santa grants a dying child ' s wish
a musician who played his guitar during brain surgery is making a successful recovery and plans on returning to the stage as soon as he can
meet the man helping paralyzed veterans stand , one robotic skeleton at a time
reconnecting atlanta: elevated park to bridge a city divided by highways the project will span over roadways and join a network of parks , walking paths , jogging and biking trails . its creators " also hope their work will inspire other cities to think about ways to reconnect divided downtowns .
the boys , aged 11 to 16 , and their 25 year old football coach went missing when flooding trapped them after entering the tham luang cave in chiang rai province , thailand on june 23 . 12 boys , football team coach found alive inside thailand cave after 9 days .
community donates all terrain wheelchair to teen with spina bifida
airbnbs plan to house 100 , 000 people in need
a blessing in disguise: local nfl player leaves server generous tip
meet the 10 year old social entrepreneur helping the homeless across the nation
mexican bakers trapped in their bakery by hurricane harvey make pan dulce for masses of harvey survivors
byu ( brigham young university ) speaker comes out during commencement speech
cancer patient buys chemotherapy machine off ebay because nhs can ' t afford it
un declares 2021 to 2030 decade on ecosystem restoration
runescape livestreamer raises 75k for cancer support charity
soldier found alive in siachen glacier , india after 6 days under 25ft of snow
formerly suicidal man ' s sight is restored through adult stem cells
a wounded warrior wedding: couple marries after meeting at weekend for soldiers
single parent and 8 year old are helping the homeless through spring with rain gear and a mobile hygiene truck
landmark australian ruling rejects coal mine over global warming
children in the uk are set to learn basic first aid from 2020 onwards
astronomers see the signatures of a newly birthed black hole or neutron star
afl club gold coast suns skip training to help in search for missing queesnland toddler .
inmates broke out of their cell to save a guard after he had a heart attack
just 30 minutes of nature per week can reduce your risk of depression and high blood pressure
santa bombero and juarez firemen deliver gifts to five thousand children
15 year old discovers previously unknown mayan city by studying the stars may be the 4th largest mayan ruins ever found
new zealand beach bought by crowdfunding is given to public
antibiotic resistance: superbugs can be killed by modifying existing drugs , scientists discover
don ' t believe in romance ? utah man ' s video of proposal to austrian girlfriend bringing tears , social media love
in 2014 toy maker neca released a marine from aliens in honor of their lead sculptor ' s brother , who was fighting stage 4 stomach cancer
motorcycle group looking to help children heal from abuse , neglect and sex trafficking riders united 4 children
girl , dog reunited by family vet after 11 years
local fishermen from bali indonesia start a olive ridley turtle conservation centre with just usd 40
families of sandy hook shooting victims win legal victory in lawsuit against infowars , alex jones
guinea worm is on the edge of eradication , and a slew of other tropical diseases are soon to follow
how do you fight graffiti in montreal ? paint a mural of leonard cohen
salt water to fresh water via solar power
ben olsen is the queensland rail train guard who puts smiles on the faces of brisbane commuters
ikea wants to clean up indias skies by turning waste into products
this charity is giving children their sight back all over the world
toyota collaborated with four children ' s hospitals to reduce a certain type of blood infection by 75% . they used production principles .
leading astronomer donates 2 . 3m prize to scholarship for women , under represented ethnic minority and refugee students to become physics researchers .
sisters raise over $10 million for military families . they wanted to be able to give back to family of those who made the ultimate sacrifice .
james patterson donates $1 . 25 million to classroom libraries
kansas city will make its government 100 percent carbon free by next year
nebraska dogs in gentle ministry provide comfort after tragedies
ohio , where muslim and christian refugees form ' impossible ' friendships
' gone fishing ' program donates thousands of rods to local children
elon musk providing water filter systems for flint schools
coca cola india shuts 3 plants citing inadequate demand ( x post from /r/india )
new england cottontail making a comeback in the region
napa combat veterans starting a foundation to aid other vets
justice ruth bader ginsburg has cancerous nodules removed from lung
baby otter rescued from arizona canal
holland man donates pet oxygen masks to fire department
historic face transplant gives suicide survivor a ' second chance '
children get new ears grown from their own cells in world first .
fourth plinth: recreation of ancient winged bull statue destroyed by isis to take pride of place in trafalgar square . michael rakowitz installation resurrects mythological beast that guarded assyrian city of nineveh for more than a thousand years using 6 , 000 cans of date syrup .
american tourist saves teenage boy ' s life in barcelona attack
blind goat missing from alberta farm found safe and sound
ozone treaty taking a bite out of us greenhouse gas emissions
he went to jail in 2000 for impersonating a surgeon at ucla . in the two decades since , he has gone to medical school and become a doctor . the saga of adam litwin , md .
firefighter pays electric bill to keep teen on ventilator
british columbia employers now prohibited by law from keeping workers ' tips " those are supposed to be their wages , " said labour minister harry bains on monday . " the money is left behind for the service that they provide to the customer .
veterinarians treat homeless pets at santa ana river trail for free
an openly gay imam ' s lgbtqi friendly mosque in south africa teaches gay rights and islam
community donates car and more after thieves steal vehicle with childs wheelchair inside
r/the_donald is quarantined
single man who grew up in the foster system adopts three boys: ' i ' m the father i wish i had growing up '
it ' s dial a carol time !
motorcycle ride raises funds for service dog organization
local fox reporter overhears young pair flirting with eachother at airport , begins livetweeting the interaction , southwest airlines and local music venue jump in to pay for first date !
child gets 3d printed prosthetic arm thanks to uta graduate
colombia kidnappings down 92% since 2000 , police say
rapper 2 chainz donates minivan to atlanta family to bring disabled child to/from hospital
mumbai city college transforms a poverty stricken village in india borgen
mechanics rescue a terrified kitten that crawled into a tesla ' s bumper and was stuck for 14 hours before the owner heard faint meows
mom and student pay it forward to special education teacher
magic wheelchair brings cosplay to fans
children ' s heartwarming letters of love to liverpool homeless on valentine ' s day
tampa bay buccaneers , wwe wrestler titus o ' neil , and florida hospital give away 15 , 000 school supplied backpacks and free health exams to local school kids .
remembering mr . rogers , a true life ' helper ' when the world still needs one
on the hunt for the ' love ' in granola: a story about loving yourself
pet project: microsofts cat , dog calendars earn big bucks for charities . the decade old fundraising effort puts employees cats , dogs , even iguanas on a calendar and yields tens of thousands of dollars for a couple of animal related nonprofits .
swiss businessman is donating $1 billion towards protecting 30% of the planet
stranger saves family from flooded car
newborn rhinoceros kendi takes first steps at cincinnati zoo
homeless man had worn the soles off his shoes; cops buy him new boots
no poverty of spirit in sharpsburg
local theater chain owner not showing ' a dog ' s purpose ' after their treatment of a dog on set
microsoft unveils $25 million disability initiative
double amputee veteran training 3 legged puppy to be therapy dog for schoolchildren
16 isis terrorists killed due to explosive belt malfunction near kirkuk iraq
i recently did an ama about being goofy at walt disney world . some of you were moved to make donations to florida children ' s hospital . a reporter contacted me and told me they received hundreds of toys and cash donations . here are some pictures the hospital sent . thank you reddit !
police officer adopts heroin addict ' s baby
this swiss guy quit his prestigious job , sold all his things and moved to africa to rescue animals . . .
muslims raise thousands to repair vandalised jewish cemetery
goodwill helps local man go from robbing banks to managing assembly lines
canadian scientists slam male physicist ' s ' discriminatory ' speech: ' physics invented and built by men , it ' s not by invitation , ' alessandro strumia argued
grocery store inadvertently open on family day kingstonist
the daughter of a man who sells tea to provide for his family just became a judge in the same courthouse .
transgender activist starts campaign to run as independent in jamaica
stray dog , beaten and starving , follows team 6 , 455 miles
to remember his dog , man sends tennis balls all over the world
the global outcry following the brutal killing of a lion in zimbabwe was unprecedented . but the death of cecil raised more than $1m in donations and has ensured the survival of his grand cubs .
nurse liz smith adopts girl who was left alone in hospital for months without family visits
love wins
how a heartbroken doomsday prepper who lost everything is now saving hurricane victims
homeless man rescues toddlers from apartment blaze
incredible edible: yorkshire town ' s food growing scheme takes root worldwide . when two women began turning disused verges in the former mill town of todmorden into free food plots , little did they realise they would inspire a global movement of growers .
the world ' s largest furniture retailer ikea has revealed that 70% of the materials used to make its products during 2018 were either renewable or recycled , as it strives to reach the 100% mark by 2030 .
utah ' miracle ' baby born 7/20 at 7:20 p . m . weighing 7 lbs . , 20 " long
a stranger bought a $749 plane ticket for a dad when his daughter was denied a free seat
lost pup finds new life as humanitarian mascot in refugee camp
heterosexual men marry to avoid tax bill
hopes on onepedal growing for preventing car accidents .
100 year old runner sets new world records at track meet
houston ' s harvey hero ' mattress mack ' out $10m after offering refunds if astros won
eva braun ' s knickers sell for 3 , 000 at auction
neighborhood kids use water guns to save disabled man from fire
syrian refugee scholarship funding for 500 syrian refugees
the pope opened a free laundromat for the homeless in rome
hundreds walk boy home from school after bullies shout racial slurs
mr . feeny , of ' boy meets world , ' foils attempted burglary at 91 years old
rescuers and vet save giraffe with wire around its neck [video in article]
fao starts distribution of much needed seeds and tools in mozambique
mother duck gets humans to rescue ducklings
new study finds that dogs can smell cancer with incredible accuracy
jermaine gresham pays for woman ' s carry on bag so she doesn ' t miss flight
illegal hunter to collect rubbish instead of a jail sentence
nsri rescues 12m southern right whale
dearborn police department is the first in the country to have a uniformed officer who also wears a hijab
xbox has partnered with make a wish to auction off these custom painted and autographed xbox one x consoles for the charity
you belong . stay strong . be blessed: a texas mans roadside message to muslims
breakthrough material could lead to cheaper , more widespread solar panels and electronics
a wwii vets body lay unclaimed at the morgue . then neighbors did something beautiful .
baristas at a drive through stop everything and pray with a customer , when they find out that her husband died the day before
local chick fil a operator surprises 53 hs workers with $155 , 000 in college scholarships
yellow car owners join rally in support of ' ugly ' car
a man in kerala , india fed some hungry kids . . but he wasn ' t charged a single rupee by the restaurant as they can ' t bill humanity . .
father ' s emotional defence of down syndrome sparks outpouring of support
man helps amputee up stairs , then returns to build ramp
farmers band together to harvest cotton for neighbour battling cancer
this 3d printed house goes up in a day for under $10 , 000
she looks like voldemort: puppy from iran that had acid thrown on her face to have surgery in vancouver
former circus lions liberated in colombia , peru roam free in south african sanctuaries
real life spiderman in paris !
white supremacists plead guilty in charlottesville riot
lowe ' s gifts lawn mower to nc 9 year old robbed at lemonade stand
google alphago computer beats professional at ' world ' s most complex board game ' go
batkid is now cancer free after stealing everyone ' s hearts in san francisco
japan enacts legislation making preschool education free in effort to boost low fertility rate
little boy is reunited with his puppy after it was missing for a month . tons of dust in the air right now .
9 year old joins recycle across america as spokesperson
lovers reunited 75 years on from ww2
' we were all in tears ' : homeless man donates $10k to thunder bay shelter
meet the man who has spent 10 , 000 hours underwater
meet the man who tattooed over his weight loss scars and learned to accept his body in the process
cuddle crew ' of cops comforts premature baby , gives relief to parents
blind family dog missing for a week found alive in santa cruz mountains
he opened his motel to families hit by flooding . now he ' s a full service good samaritan
retired farmer drives tractor across us for wounded vets
uk considers tax on single use plastics to tackle ocean pollution: chancellor to announce call for evidence on possible measures to cut use of plastics such as takeaway cartons and packaging .
jean paul gaultier bans fur from all its collections
happy ending: dog finds forever home after being heartlessly yanked out of a car and abandoned along a road in dallas
muslims threaten if donald trump will be the president , we will leave the us
little girl gets a 3d printed prosthetic hand from a library
india is rolling out trains with solar powered coaches thatll save thousands of litres of diesel
ontario teen meets german bone marrow donor who saved her life
georgia couple adopts 88 children with special needs over 4 decades
choose a book and read to your barber , he ' ll take a little money off the top
bigger , younger coal plants are retiring pv magazine usa
police issue " tickets " to kids seen doing good
6 year old collects 1 , 000 jars of pb&amp;j to help feed hungry classmates
president trump to donate 1 million dollars of his " personal money " to the harvey relief
thousands expected at hot air balloon festival .
russian hockey player comes to reddit for help , ends up fulfilling dream of playing hockey in us [story in comments]
over 8 , 000 people spend the night outside for charity sleepout , raising 3 . 6m for the homeless
the young sisters who spent 44 hours in the woods survived on rain water and granola bars
99 year old wwii vet &amp; first female gi at wssu to graduate may 2019
japan keeps the defunct kyu shirataki train station open for just one high school girl until she graduates
a black lives matter protest group meets a counter protest group on the streets of dallas .
[x post from r/tennessee] woman survives record 25 years after lung transplant
mercy meow: police officer saves , adopts bait cat used for dog fighting
worlds loneliest shelter dog becomes a movie star in transformers 5 and adopted
want to feel happier today ? try talking to a stranger
pakistan will release the indian pilot tomorrow as peace gesture , says their prime minister
jade allen , 6 , cuddles with trubs , her 6 year old rescue from new beginnings for cats . allen , who has sensory procesing disorder , bonded with trubs , whose special needs deemed him almost unadoptable , during a visit to " pet the kitties " at the shelter one year ago
jews rally to support burned florida mosque
disney builds lifesized scrooge mcduck money vault you can dive into .
nevada becomes first state to ban employers from refusing to hire those who test positive for marijuana
officer rappels 100 foot down ravine to rescue puppy
christmas presents that fell from car returned
homeless man saves an abandoned dog ! a new start for both
indian transgender couple tie knot in landmark ' rainbow wedding ' bride and groom , who both underwent sex reassignment , comes as lower house of parliament votes to enshrine transgender rights
jordan ' s furniture hosts " the adoption option " to find adoptive homes for children in foster care
motor neurone disease charity site crashes after surge in donations for professor hawking
dog meat is finally banned from yulin festival in china
stowaway cat who hitched a ride from south carolina to maine will be reunited with her people
dog pulled from earthquake rubble gives hope to rescuers
man helps repair washed out road in virginia , discovers hes helping man who saved his life
after the loss of her newborn son , mom donates her weight in breastmilk
a los angeles hospital is using fitbits to help patients go home sooner
michigan utility ok ' d to close coal plants , boost renewables
two saudi arabian sisters are hoping for a bright , beautiful future after being granted asylum , fleeing what they describe as an abusive family and a repressive society .
utah officer fired for forcibly handcuffing nurse who defied him
trump dumped thousands of immigrants in san antonio . the citys response was a lesson in kindness .
boston nurse has donated 16 gallons of blood over last 30 years
terminally ill man marries the love of his life nashville , tn
a frozen kitten being come back to life , the miracle
world is getting greener . . . .
india plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests
you can now go on a virtual yet real elephant expedition and do your bit . . : )
kids get a $2 discount if they read a book aloud to their barber while getting their haircut in michigan
barbados elects first female pm in opposition landslide
police officer impaled on fence frees himself to catch suspect
toddlers survive alone for four days after car crash in arkansas .
' he ' s the hero ' : missouri teen shields elderly woman from pouring rain with his jacket
florida man pawns favorite gun to buy sod to avoid hoa fines , has heart attack while laying it down , is rushed to the hospital by firefighters who return to his house to lay down his sod . ( xpost from r/floridaman ) .
small livestream tips $450 to pizza guy on christmas eve
' proof true love exists ' : sweet video shows divorced dad proposing to ex wife
rape victims will no longer face cross examination in court with testimony to be filmed instead
semi driver intentionally crashed on highway to save lives
a chatbot programmed by a british teenager has successfully challenged 160 , 000 parking tickets since its launch last year .
nepal says its tiger population has almost doubled from 2009
emu wren back from extinction in australian state
closed kingston grocery store left unlocked; shoppers paid for items taken
i hope you need it more than i do " : she posted a huge sign for the thief who stole her bike . then her doorbell rang .
pink floyds david gilmour donates 21 million dollars to climate charity
marshall university volunteers perform day of service across huntington
largest ever study of coral communities unlocks global solution to save reefs
united airlines gave a woman a $10 , 000 voucher for bumping her from a flight
canada gives young south african firefighters unexpected raise
is it a date ? burger king asks wendy ' s to the prom
marjorie hahn , executive director of the south florida youth symphony and symphony members are all smiles after receiving a donation for $35 , 500 from the gloria estefan foundation . the donation will enable the award winning orchestra to travel to new york city to perform at carnegie hall .
106 year old wwii vet reunited with his uniform and photos weeks before death
polish doctors create worlds first 3d baby heart model
' a total fairytale ' : how meghan markle ' s dog went from kill shelter to royal life
reddit , can you help ? family turns to facebook to find brother given up for adoption . were you born june 10 , 1963
david duchovny wants you to film your dog licking your face
school board uses funds to pay for elementary school students ' supplies and lunches for the school year .
5 year old gets mock dream wedding ahead of fourth open heart surgery
9 people showed up for a kkk rally in dayton , ohio . they were drowned out by 600 protestors
u . s . wwii veteran returns dead japanese soldier ' s flag
sikhs host iftar dinner for muslims to promote brotherhood .
northville teen dedicates life to helping detroit ' s homeless
dick van dyke gets 90th birthday flash mob and sings along
man that survived grizzly attack is recovering nicely
mass gathering of good boyes
angola decriminalises homosexuality and bans discrimination based on sexual orientation
so for the first time , i know of only the heroes and not the shooters through my reddit and twitter feeds . i ' ve literally not even read about the names of the shooters , just the heroes , and it ' s about time !
quebec grocery stores first in canada to send unused produce to food banks
disney to remember boy killed by gator with a sculpture
weighty matters why am i not losing weight ? eight
canadian police officer filmed helping woman with groceries on snowy street
university of minnesota researchers have developed a prototype of a 3d printed device with living cells that could help spinal cord patients restore some function
dying man donates organs .
baby born with cleft lip in texas smiles for the first time after life changing surgery
free lunch now will be provided for all nyc public school students
claude ' s sauces , a family business in el paso is giving and we ' d like your help !
germany condemns bds movement as antisemitic and akin to terrifying nazi campaigns
colorado child sex ring leader and kidnapper sentenced to 472 years in jail
through a common mascot , clemson , auburn , lsu , and missouri have joined together to create the us tiger university consortium , an effort to direct higher education resources towards saving the global tiger population . r/cfb
on wednesday , march 28 , both jersey mike ' s subs locations in the spokane area will donate 100 percent of sales to support the hospital based school program at sacred heart children ' s hospital .
it ' s been a long time between drinks .
indian pm modi touches the feet of 104 yr old woman who sold her goats to build toilets
immortal technique sponsors an orphanage for children in afghanistan
indiana school district turns unused cafeteria food into take home meals for kids
worlds 4th richest man mexican carlos slim launches free educational platform for 147 countries
' vaccines cause adults ' : pediatric staff ' s response to anti vaxxers after measles outbreak
people are donating their frequent flyer miles to reunite families separated at the us mexico border
scoopwhoop and murmur app copy word to word articles from an online startup youth blog .
the uk surpasses 1 , 000 coal free hours in 2018
when delta flight crew asked for a doctor onboard , they didn ' t expect the nation ' s top doctor to answer their request
' why i wanted a tattoo on my mastectomy scar '
scientists are working on a 90% efficient solar cell . if your car was covered in these it could drive over 100km a day just on sunlight .
man came to canada years ago as a refugee . when he heard syrians needed help , he couldn ' t refuse
taiwanese parliament makes taiwan the first country in asia to legalize same sex marriage
four canadian teens stop a suspicious man with a drunk girl , halting a sexual assault
red deer man punches cougar at tim hortons to save dog edmonton
b . c . minor hockey coach finds kidney donor after appeal from team
georgia police officer brings food , water to man in distress by the side of the road
poison frontman bret michaels makes special stop before concert to visit fan battling als
anonymous donor pays medical bills , rent for woman impacted by shutdown
a calm and humble life will bring more happiness than the pursuit of success and the constant restlessness that comes with it .
' we are unstoppable , another world is possible ! ' : hundreds storm police lines to shut down massive coal mine in germany
boy asks mother for two lunches to ensure his classmate does not go hungry
local cop replaces a carpenter ' s tools after they ' re stolen from his truck .
beauty vlogger with facial tumor inspires with her smart , funny videos
quebec city imams profoundly magnanimous eulogy includes white gunman in list of victims ( x post r/news )
grandparents raising grandchildren after daughter ' s death win $1 million in lottery
klm airlines sends box full of spare parts to 10 year old aviation obsessed boris to help him complete backyard plane
how a former child bride got a fatwa against child marriage
eight year old wolverhampton boy delivers newborn sister bbc news
this man was born without arms or legs , but that didn ' t stop him completing a marathon .
all five living former presidents are raising money for puerto rico
ceasefire at main yemen port of hodeidah raises hopes of averting famine
magic mushrooms prove promising in treatment of depression | they contain a hallucinogenic drug called psilocybin and are classified as a class a illegal drug in the u . k . along with heroin and cocaine .
thieves return guide dog to blind man with note asking him to ' please forgive them '
don ' t make major life decisions to please other people . . .
youtube shuts down 210 chinese propaganda channels against hong kong
officers join kids in soccer games after receiving multiple calls to end them
hometown diner stays alive with extra help for customers
when love overcomes years: they are married for 68 years and are still happily in love
after 130 years , harvard law review elects a black woman president
parents call cops on teen for giving away banned book; it backfires predictably
astronauts enter world ' s first inflatable space habitat
a company from bavaria develops an battery that bases on a waste product from paper production and needs no lithium .
wwe superstar kane serves food at mooyah burgers , fries &amp; shakes
ross edgley becomes the first man to swim around great britain . a total of 1 , 780 miles , he sometimes swam up to 12 hours a day and hasnt set foot on land since june 1st .
eight ' dota 2 ' teams to donate all prize money from midas mode tournament to charity
brooklyn da drops charges against mom in viral video whose baby was yanked away from her
italian town puts dozens of homes on market for as little as 1
teen suspected of hurling cat in viral video arrested on suspicion of animal abuse: ontario police
tampa deputy in tax office saves lifeless infant
arabs are becoming increasingly irreligious bbc survey of over 25 , 000 arabs finds a decrease in religiosity in 10 of the 11 countries surveyed
gofund me already running for the notre dame cathedral rebuild
dolphins raised in captivity will soon get a new , more natural home
four year old " superhero " uses his allowance to buy chicken sandwichs for the homeless
' ball of fluff ' [kitten] rescued from nz motorway
when alfred angelo went bankrupt , it left brides without gowns and workers without jobs . but one seamstress who was laid off by the shop is hard at work altering dresses for waiting brides .
terminal cancer patient is getting go play borderlands 3 early
worlds oldest marathon runner fauja singh , 105 , to be chief guest at vaisakhi run in new york
school counselor hailed as hero after talking student into giving up gun
bud light sends minneapolis brewery cease and desist notice for dilly dilly ipa , but also offers two employees tickets to the super bowl
wildlife now roam where us once forged its deadliest weapons
wyoming ranch provides home to lab animals
96 year old wwii vet gets degree nearly 7 decades after his last class
scotland just became the first country in the world to make sanitary products free for all students
two canal street buildings engage in a wonderful post it war .
u . k . plans ' northern forest ' of 50 million new trees
rafaela silva wins brazil ' s first rio gold medal
us billionaire ' s group calls for wealth tax to potentially raise $2 . 75tr over a decade
want to start a business and/or a new life in canada ? now you can do both with a " start up visa " : become a permanent canadian resident by starting a business in canada i hope this post doesn ' t break any rules
canada signs global pact to help rid worlds oceans of abandoned fishing gear
man finds long lost brother who attends the same school ( with the same major ! )
good " epidemics spread faster than bad ones
trump backs down , signs order to end family separations at u . s . border
new fuel which produces no co2 and is made from raw sewage .
a dying nun in argentina spreads smiling photos across the internet to inspire others who suffer from terminal illness to be ever joyful
the number of plastic bags found on the seabed has plummeted , suggesting efforts to combat plastic pollution are working: experts say success of strategy needs to be replicated with other plastic items such as coffee cups and bottles .
after 5 years of trying , blind gamer beats ' ocarina of time '
feminists stand against child abuse in ethiopia
after a month of conflict , mass media arrives in force at standing rock
worlds largest car supplier bosch sets goal of being carbon neutral by 2020 . if we are to take the paris agreement seriously , then climate action needs to be seen not just as a long term aspiration . it needs to happen here and now .
linguistics department research helps preserve endangered languages
elderly pit bull gets contact lenses , now can ' t stop staring in the mirror
indian women fought tiger with a stick , survies then took selfie .
kenyan science teacher peter tabichi ( franciscan brother who gives away 80% of his income ) wins $1m global award out of 10 , 000 nominees
finn the police dog has recovered after being stabbed in the head and chest while on duty
ben fogle donates entire salary from animal park to pay for pensioners ' tv licences
curious seal plays with surfers in france
a 23 year old designer has won a top prize after creating a low cost bamboo housing unit to address the slum crisis in the philippines . the homes take just four hours to construct
california chef fighting childhood hunger has now served over 3 million meals
hollywood actor gary sinise pays to send almost 2 , 000 children of gold star families on trip to disney world
hurricane florence relief: budweiser cans water instead of beer
after enduring a terrible accident , this woman dedicated her life to helping others
meanwhile in iceland , newly arrived refugees are invited to the presidents house .
when a story becomes a person
a cop pulls over a man for window tint , discovers the man can ' t afford a baby seat for his daughter so he buys the man one . no ticket was issued
shark attack victim saved by mates
hotel forgives guest for seagull invasion
an honest cop , and his facebook celebrity , take romania by surprise
a 94 year old who missed his graduation to go fight in wwii finally got his diploma and walked at commencement 76 years later
76 year old man collects scrap metal daily to have money to buy food that he spends 3 hours every night feeding hungry cats
the story of big nut , most recognized buckeye fan " i ' m just a fat guy with face paint . " he does fundraisers for charity .
toronto police officers save the lives of two men trapped and drowning in daring flood rescue
family orders pizza , is blown away when delivery guy plays beethoven beautifully on their piano
surgeon removes baby from mother ' s womb , operates on her tumor and returns her back to the womb in a rare medical feat
a $45 million intervention package to protect the threatened koala population has been announced by the new south wales government . thousands of hectares of land will be set aside for koalas , which have fallen in population by about 26 per cent over the past two decades in nsw .
disabled man " tired of people staring at him " turns his electric wheelchair into a mobile disco
castro valley teen survives crash after holding onto tree overnight
' it ' s an act of hope ' : the fairytale rise of the real kashmir football team | world news
surveillance video shows teen ' s pool rescue of unconscious 3 year old
orca cries out for people to help her her request is answered
the homeless 8 year old chess champion and other horrific uplifting stories
the malaysian government has started providing free healthcare insurance for the country ' s poorest 40% , providing coverage against 36 critical illnesses .
community surprises high school student on her own since age 14 with new car: ' she has overcome a lot '
idaho teen says he made $35k in 4 days plowing seattle
townsville [australia] flood crisis brings neighbours together as family takes in 60 stranded people
officers break the rules to save baby wounded in drive by shooting
couple donates wedding registry to charity
quick reminder that parks canada is waiving admission for all national parks , historic sites and marine conservation areas in the country this year . happy 2017 !
police help boy ' s music video cancer appeal
abducted california woman sherri papini found alive and safe after three weeks
some christian groups went to pride with ' i ' m sorry ' signs instead of the usual hate messages
nsw couple come forward as owners of gopro lost on great barrier reef
social media mixup benefits homeless man with inspirational message
a 71 year old woman has completed her mission of performing a headstand in all 50 states
pakistani clerics declare transgender marriages legal in islam
firefox will give you a fake browsing history to fool advertisers
nypd swears in 6 year old from georgia
homeless edmonton man discovers rare disney art in ' ratty old plastic bag ' is worth thousands | cbc radio
manny pacquiao builds 1000 homes for poor families in hometown
this muslim family visited a restaurant in the deep south and got an unexpected surprise
millions in u . s . climb out of poverty , at long last
family dog saves elderly mans life
this 8th grader invented a device to help his friend who was struck by lightning
israeli woman offers humanitarian aid across the globe
melania trump delivers white house valentines to young patients at nih center
heavyweight boxer tyson fury donates entire 7 million purse to charity after defeating depression
orangutans are playing video games at melbourne zoo using xbox tech as part of world first enrichment program .
man legally changes his name to darth vader and runs weekend half marathons while donning a gas mask and carrying an american flag , will be featured in a three part documentary about terminal illness .
louisiana governor signs executive order against lgbt discrimination
wholesome police officers help disabled , stranded woman in need
high school students create $30 prosthetic
' i want to help them: ' fairhaven girl , 9 , donates to homeless , animals and seniors
two koreas agree to end war this year , pursue denuclearization
barcelona confirms women can swim topless in city pools
on our way
professor offers to pay for all his student ' s thanksgiving dinners for ones that cannot make it home to their families .
pilot orders 70 pizzas for passengers stuck in wichita falls
new york blood center reaches a deal to help care for research chimps
congo ' s health ministry confirms end of ebola outbreak
dad wins $300 , 000 on christmas scratch off gift from kids | mlive . com
three men who saved millions
domino ' s deliveryman who saved woman in danger surprised by taylor swift at concert
me and my british landlady " syrian refugee lodges with british lady from manchester
woman with autism becomes first openly autistic person to practice law in florida
i cried all the way home " : santa claus grants final wish to a dying child
algerian police officer hugs suicide bomber to protect his colleagues from the blast
unexpectedly photographed 18 year old pakistani tea seller turned model steals hearts on twitter with calls to ease india pakistani relations
video of cat who walked 12 miles only to be rejected ( but was rehoused )
yesterday in naples 5 , 000 people were presented to test the bone marrow in order to become donors and save the life of a child suffering from hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
lego launch their first sustainable blocks made from sugarcane and they hope to roll it out to most products by 2030
disneyland proved crucial to vietnam veteran ' s happiness
man ' s brush with prickly koala ends in friendship
walmart employee gave woman manicure after nail salon turned her away
the 79 year old king of norway just gave the most powerful speech about sexuality and religion
china shuts down its legal ivory trade
a restaurant in india has been praised around the world after it installed a fridge outside and filled it with free food for homeless people .
photographer captures people ' s reactions when told they are beautiful
how to take screenshot of snapshot ?
robot dog lends a helping paw to dementia sufferers
beavers reduce river pollution by building dams , study shows
man wins lotto as he retires on birthday
house votes to end jail time for being too poor to pay fines
a noble war: an ex soldier of fortune takes up the fight to protect one of the worlds most heavily persecuted creatures
minimum wage to be increased by 3% to $740 . 80 a week | business | the guardian
botswana decriminalises homosexuality
italy to grant citizenship to student hero who saved dozens of children on hijacked school bus
dog saves abandoned newborn baby found in local garbage dump with umbilical cord attached
83 mayors adopt paris climate accord after u . s . pulls out
man travels from illinois to orlando and builds special memorial
guy with disabilities recreates friends theme song for hilarious online dating profile !
stray dogs save abandoned newborn girl
afghan child migrant reunited with his brother after 10 years
mother who gave birth after womb transplant describes ' miracle ' baby
dutch coastguard saves 11 danes from sinking ship
kitten rescued after wandering onto highway
starving german shepherd rescued by sheriff in snowstorm with help from a trucker ' s sandwich
in 2015 , cuba became the first country to eradicate mother to child transmission of syphilis . ( link to who )
google has list of every thing you " spank it " to
all publicly funded sports and leisure centres in scotland have banned the sale of energy drinks to children under the age of 16 .
strangers raise $165 , 000 in 3 days to help chicago popsicle vendor , 89
the number of people using facebook daily in north america dropped for the first time
uk erects first ever woman statue in parliament square as suffragette leader is honoured
georgia police officers buy 14y/o groceries after he is caught shoplifting candy
new york city public libraries are forgiving all childrens overdue book fines
study shows those who read for at least 30 minutes each day are more likely to enjoy a longer life than non readers
google launches sos alerts to help people caught in a crisis situation
teens ask for jobs to stay away from gangs , get hired
scientists discover rats are ticklish , and they like it !
trio helps neighbors in snow
female islamic clerics in indonesia issue rare fatwa against child marriage
deployed military mom gets recognition as real life wonder woman in heartwarming video
dog reunites with owner after 3 years astray
india ' s poverty rate nearly halved in 10 years: undp report
president of estonia issues digital christmas cards
the hmong in minnesota exemplify successful intercultural integration
puppy ' peso ' now has a new life in england after being rescued from a rubbish dump in the philippines
womans vehicle returned with note and gas money after it was accidentally stolen
a suburbia for the homeless exists and they can live there forever
so i made a tool where you can get news from both liberal and conservative sources for the same topics
teenager helps deaf and blind man travelling alone on flight
japan enacts law calling for ' national movement ' to slash 6 million tons of food wasted annually
tim the kenyan elephant seeks out human help
facetime chat ' saves woman ' s life '
nola to angola bicyclists help orleans and jefferson parish families visit jailed relatives
graduating high school senior inspires girls to enjoy science
local authorities should consider converting empty government properties into night shelters for the homeless , indias highest court said , amid growing concern about the number of deaths on the streets during winter months .
strangers raise $150 , 000 in 3 days to help chicago paletas vendor , 89
how we know the oldest person who ever lived wasnt faking her age
in prisons dark solitude , painting became this mans ray of light
dramatic decline in dementia seen among older adults in the us ( x post /r/science )
a teenage girl from sweden has been rescued from islamic state in iraq by kurdish special forces
solar impulse 2 completes trip around world , demonstrates clean energy and aviation
creating a buzz: how uk schools are embracing beekeeping
jahana hayes was a teen mom who grew up in the projects . she is now running for united states congress and is a former national teacher of the year .
toddler playing sheep decides to play with baby jesus during nativity play
nova scotia becomes first province or state in north america to ban cat declawing . the ban part of a worldwide movement against the practice took effect thursday after a three month education period . veterinarian organizations in many other provinces are having active discussions on the issue .
this newborn tree kangaroo brings hope to the species
thousands of protesters in bangladesh have taken to the streets in the capital to express their anger at recent deadly attacks on members of religious minority groups , form a 10 kilometer human chain
a teacher in afghanistan turned his bike into a mobile library and cruises the countryside giving kids a chance to read .
also not crying , youre crying
the world ' s largest ocean cleanup has officially begun
because everyone deserves a shot at redemption: coke mule finds god and job at catholic newsletter .
son creates art together with his 91 year old mom so she could feel young again
parrot discovery in anoka leads to happy reunion story | kmsp
obama bans permanently new oil , gas drilling off alaska , part of atlantic coast
qatar accused of offering fifa $880m in secret world cup payments
8 year old boy finds , returns man ' s missing wedding ring .
dog walks student to her graduation day and to diploma
local humane society has adopted out every . single . cat .
school superintendent pays for students ' college application fees
brain scans reveal what dogs really think of us
94 year old harriette thompson oldest woman to run half marathon
conjoined twin sisters from bhutan successfully separated , but cant stop snuggling
street singer was ignored by everyone , then 4 kittens came to show their support
in a first , women judges head all major high courts in india
this ' sad dad ' wasn ' t selling any donuts . then his son ' s viral post came to the rescue
sharp vision: new glasses help the legally blind see
grenfell tower victim ' s name wins philip pullman auction
' bipartisan humanity ' : mitch mcconnell proposes to rename the cancer section of 21st century cures bill to be named after beau biden
double amputee iraq war veteran finds peace in yoga
this crowdfunding campaign raised $50k and counting for a hardworking elderly paletero
new texas law raises statute of limitations for sexual assault charges to give victims more time to report it
student helps classmate with autism cope with an overwhelming first day
ohio appeals court says speed trap town must pay back $3 million in unconstitutional speed camera tickets
a 25 year old british woman who suffered from severe anorexia that led to hair loss now inspires thousands of followers on instagram with her competitive bodybuilding hobby .
uk media ignored it , but yesterday northern ireland had an election that damaged the bigoted leadership badly enough that they can no longer block marriage equality legislation . a victory for equality !
not uplifting news per say ( except maybe for the field of astrophysics ) , but i think the fact that this guy is a beloved celebrity says a lot of good things about modern society .
huntington 10 year old helping homeless in haiti with homemade dog treat fund raiser
now that marijuana is legal , san francisco is erasing everybody ' s misdemeanor convictions . thousands of people whose marijuana convictions branded them with criminal histories can now rest at ease .
surfers with disabilities find freedom in the waves
worlds smallest baby survives after 5 months in neonatal icu
meet shedd aquarium ' s penguins , and drink penguin hops charity beer at after hours party
islamic think tank speaks up in defense of malaysian ex muslims and atheists
puppy gets prosthetic paw
former royal marine becomes 1st amputee to row solo across atlantic
man gives shelter dogs free makeovers to boost chances for adoption
bunny rescued from roof after storm gertrude
months after the death of sudan , the world ' s last male northern white rhino , scientists said wednesday they have grown embryos containing dna of his kind , hoping to save the subspecies from extinction
once the killing fields , east new york has no murders in 2018
community gives homeless man haircut and clothes after teen paid him $5 to pour coffee over his head
an ex soldier suffering from horrific flashbacks and nightmares from his time in the army says a dog saved his life .
poignant dunkirk survivors reunion with the little ships who crossed the channel to save them
three year old boy missing in woods for two days says friendly bear kept him safe
you can volunteer to cuddle drug addicted babies to help them heal . please support !
the end of coal: eu energy companies pledge no new plants from 2020 companies from every eu nation except poland and greece sign up to initiative in bid to meet paris pledges and limit effects of climate change
a bridal boutique in perth , australia , gave away over $50 , 000 worth of dresses , veils and shoes to brides in need .
dining room manager delivers special meal from the keg to dying man in richmond hill , ontario
human poop can now be turned into fuel briquettes for cooking
scotland ' s beavers given protected species status
tennis tournament uses shelter dogs as ballboys
truck driver leaves oklahoma waitress two $1 , 000 tips
a victorian town is fighting for its local postie to be allowed to continue his longstanding christmas tradition of decorating his bike and spreading the festive spirit ( australia )
monarch butterfly population wintering in mexico increases 144%
little evidence that flossing actually works
this finnish company discovered how to make food from co2
small co town rallies to raise money for service dog for girl with cerebral palsy
more than 100 men arrested for ' purchasing prostituted children , ' york police say
having trouble sleeping ? try going camping , scientists recommend
black man has convinced 200 racists to abandon the kkk by making friends with them
barrel house donates over $90k to school lunches
shoes for all: how a venezuelan expatriate helps her country
1 billion trees planted in pakistan !
qualified for team usa ' s olympic swim team ! despite having a super messed up chest ! look ! thanks everyone for the support !
hebrew university to build a $5 million museum dedicated to albert einstein
underwater and out of their wheelchairs , these persons with disabilities are free . they can ' t walk but they can dive , because in the water , we ' re all the same .
94 year old jiji was grumpy and bored of life . then he met kinako the cat
in one of the last actions of the obama administrations justice department , the united states and the navajo nation entered into a settlement agreement with two affiliated subsidiaries of freeport mcmoran , inc , for the cleanup of 94 abandoned uranium mines on navajo land .
jimmy carter provides a clinic for a small town in georgia that did not have proper healthcare .
switzerland has voted to phase out nuclear power in favour of renewable energy
95 year old pianist in care home overwhelmed after gumtree advert sees 80 musicians come to jam with him
missing 11 year old north carolina girl found alive , fbi says
holocaust survivor buys hospital bed for oldest righteous among nations
sister jean , breakout march madness star , celebrated by her fellow nuns
hes 14 and has one arm and he just bowled a perfect game
excitement at new cancer treatment , 90% remission
barack obama commutes majority of chelsea manning ' s prison sentence
pug in idaho awarded for heroic barking
hpv vaccine has significantly cut rates of cancer causing infections
brock turner loses appeal of sexual assault conviction
lifting 271 mn out of poverty in 10 yrs , india fastest , jharkhand ( state ) no . 1 area: un
radiohead ' s thom yorke auctions handwritten lyrics for oxfam charity
tiny archibald has a new heart and a new outlook on life
elderly kentucky couple remarries 50 years after divorce to ' walk the last mile together '
photographer turns sick and disabled kids into justice league superheroes
a high school senior in michigan was allowed to graduate early with a special ceremony so her terminally ill father could see
rising from ashes , the amazing story of a special kid who lost his medals in a fire and got them back .
a goat was supposed to be a siberian tiger ' s dinner now they are best friends
man loses eye to ocular melanoma , then gets a fake one with his favorite soccer team logo to raise awareness of the disease
definitive data on what poor people buy when theyre just given cash
sun finally rises after 40 days of darkness in northern russia: russians north of the arctic circle have come out of their slumber with the years first glimmer of sunlight on friday .
this is the best way i can express my appreciation for this indescribably beautiful , moving video .
#coonambleraindance is a social media hit , but will it bring on the rain ? a group of locals in coonamble on the central western plains of new south wales have organised a rain dance event for next month , in the hope it will break the drought .
watch: surprise soldier homecoming at notre dame basketball game
a decade on , hpv vaccine has halved cervical cancer rate
i feel like helping somebody out , what can i help you with ?
fighting junkyard dogs , thieving neighbors , and a grumpy shopkeeper , this indian teenager taught himself how to build a windmill out of scrap to bring water to his village . he did this while biking 30 kilometers a day to town and using only a windows 95 computer and wikipedia .
menomonie police officer helps speeding college student tie a tie
oklahoma father encouraging others after he donates kidney to son
boy , 8 , says ' angels ' helped him free dad from collapsed car
pakistan plants 1 billionth tree to help reverse deforestation
saudi firefighter risks life to save a kid .
dog grows a new face after being rescued from the brink of death
food not bombs stand up against cops who try to arrest charity workers giving away food and make a chain link fence with their bodies , not letting cops into the food bank; nobody is arrested .
planet earth ii more popular than x factor with young viewers bbc news
flint rapper hands out cash as way of giving back to community
high school senior earns all 138 boy scout merit badges
norway is the happiest place on earth , according to a united nations agency report toppling neighbour denmark from the number one position
a stranger in maryland , touched by a hurricane story , sends 3 cups to houston
lady gaga to fund 162 classrooms in dayton , el paso and gilroy | gma
piedmont toddler inspiring the world as she fights extremely rare illness
canadian man nicknamed uber rob is once again helping residents of a flooded new brunswick island cut off from the mainland to and from their homes by using his boat .
9 year old raises $6 , 000 for sick brother selling lemonade
argentinian highschool students fix wheelchairs for elderly patients
katy perry sends taylor swift an actual olive branch
surgeons perform the first ever uterus transplant in the united states
ranking nhl teams group of top six forwards
new procedure allows for virtually universal kidney transplants !
homeless junior olympian joined by mother after stranger pays for ticket
sons receive father ' s korean war dog tag
spice use ' severe public health issue '
researchers use ai to discover nearly 6 , 000 previously unknown species of virus
eff wins final victory over podcasting patent
i am not doing enough until the people of palestine are free world ' s youngest journalist
florida girl survives complete chest impalement
aleppo dentist brings smiles to somalis after fleeing syria
new york burial plots will now allow four legged companions
woman ' s emotional post after getting birthday flowers from dead father shared thousands of times
three who helped saved life of girl injured in december crash are honored by douglas county sheriffs office
city holding hearing to declare crossfit a nuisance
edinburgh closes roads in city centre to cut air pollution
94 year old graduates college online with bachelor ' s and 4 . 0 gpa
bystander effect debunked in 91% of real world cases someone helps
alabama bill would make false rape allegations a crime
tree man of bangladesh " had successful surgery saturday to remove large growths from hands
woman bequeaths 30m to five different charities in her will
the ringling bros . and barnum &amp; bailey circus is ending its elephant acts a year and a half early , and will retire all of its touring elephants in may .
manager of an eb games local to myself purchased a ps4 for a store regular that couldn ' t afford one .
local animal lover spends $1 , 000 on ranch dressing to help shelter
rep . ilhan omar greeted with chants of ' welcome home '
husbands take cooking class to help care for wives with alzheimer ' s
( former ) billionaire chuck feeney gave away 99% of his multi billion dollar fortune to help underprivileged kids go to college . he is now worth a few million dollars .
stranger stops to offer young man ride to work; days later , he returns with huge surprise
new zealand town builds underpass tunnel for penguins
face transplant: a ' second chance ' for young suicide survivor
hawaii is considering a bill that bans cigarette sales to anyone under 100
jpmorgan will stop financing private prisons &amp; detention centers
missing hiker , amanda eller , was found alive !
15 year old girl escapes forced marriage from palestine [x post /morbidreality]
boy soldier ' s birthday wish comes true at windsor castle
the culture cure: how prescription art is lifting people out of depression
toledo 7 eleven owner gives hungry shoplifting teen food instead of calling the cops
police escort surgeon through auckland rush hour traffic for emergency operation
' jeopardy ! ' contestant proposes to girlfriend mid show
we did it reddit ! : ) reddit surpasses facebook to become the 3rd most visited site in the us
wsu band learns husky fight song to play during apple cup after uw bus flips on trip to pullman
grocery store employee goes above and beyond to help diabetic woman in need of food
toyota motor corp . said wednesday it will allow royalty free access to its nearly 24 , 000 patents for hybrid and other vehicles using electrification technology in a bid to expand competition in the market as the industry adopts stricter emissions regulations .
georgia woman says rapper ludacris paid grocery bill she couldn ' t afford: ' he ' s an angel '
officers generosity turns routine traffic stop into act of kindness
concert in west louisville donates 100 percent of proceeds to federal workers
five year old girl ' fined ' 150 for lemonade stand is inundated with job offers
four year old use siri and saves mum ' s life
pretty polly the parrot puts owner in prison
carlie trent , the girl tied to tennessee amber alert case , has been found safe and her uncle is in custody
18 dogs rescued from east tennessee home
funky chickens a hot ticket for teenage entrepreneurs
missouri 9 year old starts a lemonade stand to raise money for his adoption
governor andrew m . cuomo celebrated earth day on monday by signing a measure that bans most single use plastic bags into law , making new york the third state in the us to enact a statewide bag policy .
and through it all you had each other . just like we did . now you are about to join another rarified club , one of former first children " : bush twins pen letter to obama sisters
nfl player adopts family of fallen police officer for christmas .
this st . louis man was bedridden for 11 years . then he invented a surgery to cure himself .
ms patient defers assisted suicide after another ms patient sees him on tv , helps him
neighbors scrub hate messages before family sees them
alzheimer ' s disease is completely reversed by removing just one enzyme in new study
ancient chinese building wins unesco award for cultural heritage conservation
high school custodian wows graduation crowd with national anthem
saudi women are voting and running for office this weekend for the first time ever
mom ' s heartwarming video shows older boys including shy son in basketball game
all children to learn cpr and basic first aid in u . k schools
epic
puerto rico officials say all of island has power again
girl with cancer uses make a wish to feed the homeless
65 , 000 people in london wait for green day . to pass the time away , they sung bohemian rhapsody
new segway transforms into a cute robot companion when youre not riding it
a man saves a dog after he finds it starving on a remote island
former lost boy of sudan ' becomes atlanta police officer
' australian recruits have dwindled to virtually zero ' : scientology struggles in nsw
philando castile ' s mother donates money to wipe out students ' school lunch debt . in the face of a tragedy , this woman displays an incredible sense of humanity .
beer deliverymen save a mans life
elon musk making kid sized submarine to rescue teens in thailand cave
college students pays grandparents ' mortgage
police handing out turkeys instead of traffic tickets , just in time for thanksgiving
this california man gave his car to a struggling nursing student instead of trading it in .
instead of walking out , a student took the time to write really nice thank you notes
carson wentz ' s message to a 9 year old cancer patient
4 year old who has read 1 , 000 books becomes ' librarian for the day '
happy ending: after months of suffering , puppy finds home with woman who saved his life
every u . s . public library and ymca will soon get narcan for free
epic streetplant dad ' s backstory
how this crafty retiree is keeping maines neediest dogs warm in winter
scotland sets renewable energy record as wind power provides equivalent of 118% of nation ' s electricity
in response to the hurricanes that tore threw the caribbean in october , dominica started to rebuild itself in a way more resistant to climate change .
the queen declares war on plastic after david attenborough documentary: buckingham palace outlined new waste plans and said there was a strong desire to tackle the issue at the highest levels of the royal household .
after being stolen , dog is reunited with owner after two years
greta thunberg , schoolgirl climate change warrior: some people can let things go . i cant | world news
bbc news: twins conjoined at birth prepare to start school
swedish neo nazis lose trademark battle with german deep freeze firm
capcom trying to be more inclusive than other developers .
personalized cancer vaccines show glimmers of success
tubby , the dog entered guinness book of world records as ' the world ' s greenest dog ' for sniffing out 26 , 000 plastic bottles and carrying them to his human for recycling .
restaurant limits patrons who will be driving home with children to one alcoholic beverage
kansas midwife takes her skills , and her heart , to refugees in turkey
after calling off engagement , woman donates wedding venue to deserving couple
american and new zealand runners help each other finish race after ugly fall during women ' s 5000
special olympics golfer amy bockerstette goes viral after making par on one of golf ' s most famous holes
doctor about to give birth helps to deliver another mothers baby instead after it became distressed
indians are travelling a lot for sports tourism: mastercard official
road tripping 91 year old dies of cancer after year long adventure
india takes another step to protect it ' s daughters
vincent price ' s daughter victoria shares the three words which help her get through life with continued wonder and joy .
lifeguard drone in australia saves two boys on its first day of service
man orders pizza to florida grandmother ' s house to check on her post hurricane
steph curry wrote the sweetest letter to a little girl about a major problem with his shoes
kids didn ' t like school so this grade 8 science teacher used medieval rpgs and gamification to teach kids science and . . . kill orcs " larping , dnd , rpg and science oh my " www . mrhebert . org
police commissioner apologizes for officers actions in stonewall rebellion
the honey , dating back approximately 3 , 000 years , is the worlds oldest sample and still perfectly edible .
2 pakistani women , living in india for 24 years , get indian citizenship; thank pm modi
firefighters have saved 72 pigs from suffocating in a slurry tank during the biggest animal rescue operation ever carried out in northern ireland .
tom hardy has started a fundraising campaign for those affected by the manchester attack
monarch populations are doing much better this year , smashing previous estimates !
indian supreme court decriminalises homosexuality
103 year old woman granted us citizenship , celebrates with four generations of family | nbc southern california
mom who shielded sons in dallas shooting thanks police
us soldier who lost his limbs in afghanistan receives double arm transplant after 6 years
iceland uses eurovision song contest to protest against the israeli occupation of palestinian territories
olympian skier to honour brother in opening ceremonies
spider man and family
scientists have reversed brain damage in a u . s . toddler who drowned in her family swimming pool
after 17 years , gujarat riots gang rape survivor receives justice | india | al jazeera
real life lassie helps rescue elderly man from frigid east bay waters
this houston energy company is giving every one of its 1 , 400 employees a us$100 , 000 bonus
' becoming bulletproof ' , a new documentary about the making of an original western film starring actors with disabilities
prohibited from speaking quechua as child , peruvian woman now professor of quechua at stanford university
wikipedia leads effort to create a digital archive of 20 million artifacts lost in the brazilian museum fire
haryana ( a state in india ) to develop rare turtle reserve | haryana would now become home for indian flapshell turtle and indian softshell turtle as the state forest and wildlife department has decide to develop a ' community reserve ' to protect these aquatic creatures .
police find confused man , cook him dinner
georgia boy pays sweet tribute to fallen officer
sex trafficked children can be locked up for life . a new bill could prevent that .
nz road workers hailed as heroes after tackling alleged robber to the ground
at 102 , nations oldest working teacher has no plans to retire
watch: nba coach gives powerful and motivational speech at wife ' s funeral
[update] 8 year old cancer patient that just wanted birthday cards has received over 6000 so far !
florida man , blind dog complete 1 , 100 mile hike
british couple ' s message in a bottle reaches gaza fisherman after 500 mile journey
catch me up top news , catch up on news you missed while you were away or to see how news has progressed .
trashtag trending in india .
denmark generated enough wind energy to power all its electricity needs on wednesday ( x post /r/renewableenergy )
gordon ramsay offers job to student with dwarfism after cooking school deemed him a ' safety risk '
this happened to a friend . of mines son . his bike was stolen and the cop replaced it with his own money .
firefighters rescue tiny puppy
childhood abuse victim completes bucket list of missed experiences
australia ' s ' man with the golden arm ' retires after saving 2 . 4 million babies
internet gives a merry christmas to boy alone on an island " it ' s always nice to hear positive stories during the holidays .
one step at a time: the first elephant prosthetics
dog swims over 6 miles , walks 12 more to find family: " a dog swam more than 6 miles and walked a dozen more to find its family after falling overboard into lake michigan during the weekend
how a muslim jewish romance shaped one of indias biggest pharma firms
amazon tribe wins lawsuit against big oil , saving millions of acres of rainforest
autistic boy will only drink out of one cup . cup breaks after 10+ years and is no longer manufactured . company hears about it and makes 500 just for him .
worker locks armed robber inside cellphone store
parkland student surpasses nra in twitter followers less than 2 weeks after school shooting
bradley herbst came up with a creative way to spend time with his teenage daughter: no texting or social media on the way to school or hell embarrass her by walking her into school wearing an outrageous costume .
we need more stories like this
thailand cave rescue: boys found alive after nine days . all 12 boys and their football coach have been found alive after nine days missing in caves in thailand .
police report no weekend shootings in milwaukee: im proud of my city today
depression sufferer ' s bedroom clean up is online hit
more than 200 queue for tea party at a bristol mosque that was harassed by islamophobes last week .
two man team donates 3d printed prosthetics to children around the world
we did it reddit ! hundreds of donations to florida children ' s hospital came from a reddit ama
more wildlife carers and volunteers are needed are you up for cuddle time with wombat joeys ?
kid rock pays off $81 , 000 worth of layaways at nashville walmart
bruno mars announces $1 million donation to the flint community center
manchester united players visit dying grandfather to grant final wish 45 minutes before he passed away
a few weeks ago we all read about how more trees could help stop global warming . today the eu presented an action plan to protect and restore the world ' s forests .
21 month old baby beats stage 4 neuroblastoma cancer
mom scares off suspected kidnapper with gun
medal of honor recipient ' s gesture stuns brigade
us state trooper luke bonin shares meal with homeless woman
blue moon to release marijuana infused beer
two dogs rescued from drain pipe in massachusetts
elon musk to pay for water stations , filtration at all flint schools
openly gay ex mma fighter may become first native american congresswoman ! lets go sharice ! !
this is nav bhatia and he ' s the raptor ' s biggest fan , having never missed a home game since 1995 . after a bucks fan made a racist tweet about him , he offered to buy him dinner .
meet the father daughter duo tackling rogue swarms of bees across the australian capital territory ( act )
before he died , paul allen gifted $125 million to a new institute to study the immune system .
dog becomes stay at home dad for ducklings after their mum disappeared
service dog lends war veteran a helping paw
good river beer launches 2 percent to rivers non profit
happy ending for dogs caught up in wild motor home chase last month
ban on sending wild elephants to zoos a step closer
monks buy 600 lbs of lobster . . and release them back into the ocean
when this deaf baby hears her mom say ' i love you ' for the first time , she gets very emotional ( and you will too )
moving company offers free services to victims of domestic violence to escape violent situations
u . s . military efforts in dominica reunite father , son
rising from yolanda , island town of pilar aims for climate resilience
this teacher on a plane talked about her low income students . passengers overheard and gave her more than $500 in cash .
video: south san francisco police officer gives 7 year old boy new bicycle after it gets stolen
saudi industrial city plans jazz festival as reforms take hold
iowa man inspired by kid who brought lunch for friend pays off overdue lunch bills at elementary school he attended
wwf buys shark fishing licence on great barrier reef to scrap it
dozens queue outside thai hospital to give blood to bury graduate lucy hill who is fighting for her life
ted just raised $280 million for 8 world changing projects
california police arrest 474 , rescue 28 sexually exploited kids
dallas maverick , puerto rico native j . j . barea , continues maria relief with hundreds of bikes
american bison designated as us ' s national mammal
perth grandfather terry robinson meets four strangers who helped save his life
chinas ban on scrap imports revitalises us recycling industry
animal photographer of the year ken drake reveals how to capture your pet ' s personality
severe storm hits a summer camp just before opening day . volunteers from the community show up to clean it up just in time .
india supplied over two thirds of aids medication globally over the last two decades , bringing the treatment cost down from $414 per person per year to $74 per person per year which also supported the number of infected people getting treatment increasing over five fold during the last decade .
boy with autism hopes to receive 1 , 000 christmas cards
' an incredibly beautiful gesture ' staff of irish restaurant thrilled as businessman leaves astonishingly large tip
redditors of the marvel studios subreddit are trying to start a campaign to allow a fellow redditor who is terminally ill to see an early screening of avengers: endgame
scientists one step closer to spot planet nine and its closer than we thought
selena gomez reveals she is recovering from a kidney transplant a and her best friend was the donor !
entire british family killed after going to join isis in syria
word ' s first solar panel road in france
experimental gene therapies may have cure patients with sickle cell disease . success against sickle cell would be the first genetic cure of a common genetic disease and could free tens of thousands of americans from agonizing pain .
migrant rescue ship sails to aid of stranded far right activists
tokyo olympics: medals to be made from recycled mobile phones donated by the public
cop helps homeless man get a clean shave for job interview
vietnam war veterans building ' friendship club ' with former foes
92yo truckie ' s chevrolet restoration shows we never forget our first vehicle
pornhub cares launches save the whales fundraising campaign in time for world whale day
facebook bans alex jones , milo yiannopoulos , other far right figures
after khabibs win , hes been fixing nigerias water problems &amp; building medical facilities
lacoste replaces iconic crocodile logo with endangered species as part of conservation campaign
hundreds of bikers deliver moving tribute for boy who loved motorcycles
the newest tradition in college football , and it ' s already one of the best .
police create ' chat benches ' to combat loneliness , ' help make life a little better '
on a sunday , pakistan plants 1 . 5 million trees to secure a greener future .
a formerly homeless man gave us a tour of the gritty san francisco neighborhood that ' s been overrun by tech companies
i ' m still standing: paddleboarder makes world first atlantic crossing
teen defies parents and decides to get vaccinated .
volunteers in turkey are wrapping stray dogs in blankets so they will survive the cold .
from a cell to a home: ex inmates find stability with innovative program
massive jump in generosity
life expectancy for people with hiv continues to improve to where it is nearly as equal to anyone who is hiv negative .
college student , 24 , pays off grandparents ' mortgage by saving money eating microwave pizza and skipping parties
singapore to introduce new law to prevent spread of fake news
three year old boy genius explains immune system to medical student
birth of wolf cubs in mexico raises hopes for endangered species
city of orlando will turn the pulse nightclub into a memorial
' extinct ' elms found in queen ' s garden in edinburgh
molson coors makes cannabis infused beverage deal in canada
women led mosque opens to build place where ' everyone is welcome '
new species of water beetle found clinging to sandstone rock in fast flowing stream that leads to waterfall in malaysian borneo named after leonardo dicaprio . tiny black insect , which has partially retractable head and slightly protruding eyes , was named after star for his environmental activism .
noma dishwasher becomes co owner of world famous danish restaurant
clock boy " discrimination lawsuit dismissed by federal judge
nyc surfers helping friends in pr raise money to help rebuild .
joe biden , president of ice cream , is finally getting his own flavor
18 year old racing driver and double amputee , billy monger , podiums in his first race back after losing both legs in a racing accident
portland police are helping homeless people get ids so they can access services and apply for housing
a notorious russian pedophile accused of running a child trafficking ring in and around russia was captured by vigilantes and whipped to death with cable ties , according to reports .
los angeles becomes biggest city to ban fur sales
each thought the other died in war . but they met 47 years later .
nfl qb colin kaepernick helps get plane to bring food and water to somalia
this 93 year old bride needed help picking a wedding dress , so the internet stepped up
sikh man removes his turban and uses it to rescue drowning dog wearing a turban is one of the five articles of faith in sikhism . it is a doctrine of sikhism that one can only remove his turban at home or while bathing .
middle school includes student ' s service dog in yearbook for most adorable school photo ever
chinese police officer rescues a woman with alzheimer ' s after she became stuck in thick mud
man plunges under ice 3 times to save wife trapped in west quebec lake
kent county teen with autism hopeful for birthday cards from public
a man who changed his name to buzz lightyear for charity has won a year long battle with the dvla to have a driving licence in his new name .
cataracts is a leading cause of blindness worldwide , but it ' s also easily and inexpensively treatable
the odds of trump being impeached in the next four years is 2:1
two officers are fired for dragging doctor off a united flight
it ' s a jailbreak for first class of dogs trained by dallas inmates , but 3 still await adoption
meet " saigon sam " , who with his family fled vietnam in the 1980s during their civil war in a wooden boat , and settled in the north east of england after being rescued
breakthrough injection could help you shed 14 pounds a month
1 . 4 million farmers in india are selling their produce online without worrying about middlemen
india breaks guinness world record , plants 66 million trees in just 12 hours
un backed fund pledges $1 billion for climate projects in developing countries
landlord who banned ' coloured people because they leave curry smell ' has house burgled
she ' d been given up for dead . days later , injured dog was rescued from muddy water .
twins born at 23 weeks are ' little miracles ' bbc news
sierra leone pastor finds 706 carat diamond , gives it away .
technology invented by the helmet vision company in virtual reality has solved the issue of motion sickness symptoms .
man uses drama to educate about tb in new guinea where illiteracy is high and over 850 languages spoken
givers that keep on giving: the world ' s top philanthropists
an alaskan ' s mission to get a lettuce tower in every elementary school in america
tost nature reserve is free of mining licenses snow leopard trust
students of a government school in india form barrier , refuse to accept their beloved teacher ' s transfer
immigrant from liberia who became a nasa engineer saves a passenger jet when he spots a fluid leak from his window seat on the wing
missing rescue dog perry found at mt . holly
why kendrick lamar took 6 kids from compton to the grammys with him . . .
he was going to miss his daughter in the sweet 16 . then his colleagues surprised him .
india ' development bond ' helps get girls into school
indias only gay prince is opening his palace up as an lgbt sanctuary
11 year old girl starts her own business while her mom is furloughed
facebook adds vital suicide prevention tools to their platform .
moment cystic fibrosis sufferer , 24 , takes first steps after successful double lung transplant
citizen groups across the country take on city hall and win ( 2016 )
libraries putting social workers on staff to help patrons struggling with poverty , drug addiction or mental illness
pit bull ' s blood transfusion saves miniature poodle at arizona humane society
millionaire businessman to give a family in need a home free of charge
waitress working two jobs cries when given $1000 tip
japanese proposal to reinstate commercial whaling defeated
truly inspiring
email prompts man to attend strangers bachelor party
french photographer documents png tribesman ' s journey across the us
anonymous donors drop $500 , 000 check in salvation army kettle
indiana woman reunites with the family she thought had abandoned her 50 years ago
company in new zealand offers work for intellectually disabled employees . awesome interviews with workers : )
usda predicts global food insecurity will drop to 6% of earth ' s population , from 17% today
toronto commits to new 21 acre park in city centre
couple adopts 5 siblings so they aren ' t split up in foster care .
happy chewbacca lady gets gifts from kohls
muslim couple of pakistani origin donates $15 milllion to catholic university to deepen understanding of link between religion and global affairs
harriet tubman to appear on the $20
researchers find evidence of original 1620 plymouth settlement
a ray of hope for the children of sex workers in kolkata
university of southern mississippi president donates recent pay raise to scholarship fund
life , animated , " a documentary about a boy with autism who finds a way to communicate through disney characters , will premiere this weekend
vancouver corgi meetup a ' big success , ' organizer says
white nationalists ( 20 ) outnumbered by counter protesters ( 400 ) in washington d . c . rally
monarch butterflies lent a hand by winter parkas insulated with milkweed
old navy , other businesses sign an " open to all " pledge , committing to treat all customers fairly , regardless of orientation , race , origin , etc . .
the uk is opening their first lgbt retirement community
india vs england: mick jagger pledges to donate 20 , 000 pounds to charity for every century or five wicket haul during the oval test match
canadian prime minister justin trudeau joins toronto ' s pride parade
student auctions a pig to support cancer and is surprised by generosity of auctioneers
a heroic dog who saved 12 people after an earthquake met her own statue and the photos are adorable
bears get 15 kilo ice lollies to cool down in heatwave
a great wrestling match
more people have electricity .
pakistan ' s minister for climate change imposed ban on plastic bags in islamabad
rescued pit bull turns police dog thanks to tukwila pd
8th grader helping friend communicate again by building electronic device
alumnus don curtis donates more than $21 million to unc chapel hill
new york state passes paid family leave into law , guaranteeing 8 weeks , 12 weeks by 2021
young saudi architects make a difference by renovating schools
indonesian teen rescued after 49 days at sea on log raft
boston bomb survivor: im marrying firefighter who saved me
an elephant has been rescued from the ocean appx . 10 miles off the coast of sri lanka .
local tv journalist deborah norville undergoing thyroid cancer surgery after viewer spotted a lump
conjoined twin sisters survive world first successful separation operation
us ' s oldest cancer research center , roswell park in buffalo , ny , gets go ahead to test cuban lung cancer vaccine
call for solidarity actions with #nodapl september 3rd through 17th it ' s going down
local window cleaner rescues vandalised " banksy " artwork
the national endowment for the humanities isn ' t shutting down
party on , dudes: keanu reeves and alex winter sign on for third bill and ted film . bill and ted face the music comes almost 30 years after the first film and will catch up with the characters in middle age .
tokyo 2020 olympic medals made from 80 , 000 tons of recycled mobile phones , electronics
nashville organization donates school supplies to teachers in need
police officer gives her own gps device to lost driver .
music teachers play ' we ' re not gonna take it ' at oklahoma capitol protest
danny o ' carroll makes 30k donation to give toddler with cerebral palsy ' a chance to live '
woman spots her mother on google earth 18 months after she died
dad detains naked accused child molester at gunpoint at park
pregnant paraplegic woman completes 13 mile run with help of robotic suit
a wisconsin teen wanted to auction off a pig for a cancer charity . buyers kept returning it so he could sell it over and over
h . i . v . is reported cured in a second patient , a milestone in the global aids epidemic
88 year old mcdonalds worker serves up happy meals a manager asked art if he would be willing to fill in for a couple of weeks . those two weeks turned into 29 years . [wayzata , minnesota]
notoriously terrible new york landlord charged with 20 felonies
11 year old boy pulls a drowning 34 year old man from the bottom of a pool and saves his life
scientists just pulled co2 from air and turned it into coal
munich teaches 5 , 000 female entrepreneurs how to run a startup while having a family
rescued kitten hasn ' t stopped cuddling his human who was also abandoned at birth
daily mail owner ' s profits fall after double digit print ad slide | business | the guardian
officers save autistic boy from pond , gain his trust
strangers try to save the life of an icelandic " unicorn " sheep that was found last christmas wandering the mountains
golden retriever who saved arizona woman from snake bite named dog of year
in madrid , a ban on vehicles in the city centre has reduced levels of nitrogen oxide by 38% , and overall pollution by 8 . 9%
50 , 000 pound whale tucks scuba diver under its fin to protect her from nearby shark
cleveland ' s rust belt riders nominated for $50k food innovation award
warren buffett , jeff bezos and jamie dimon just spooked health care stocks after announcing they ' re creating a non profit health insurance company
florida man helps homeless woman learn how to read
eu allocates 465 , 000 to strengthen ebola preparedness in burundi
diet dr pepper exchanges 40k bottles of water for flint , mi for twitter handle
a florida man legitimately set the guinness world record for tallest hat just to prank the local news and make the world more magical
this off duty firefighter saved two people from a fiery plane crash in california
no one shows up in boys birthday party , but he gets showered by celeb greetings
adorable picture of grandmother is so popular it gets ban from facebook
' today we are his family ' : teen volunteers mourn those who died alone
dolly parton donates 100 millionth book to the children .
paraplegic moves toward goal to walk bridge run with delivery of exoskeleton
600 students surprised with backpacks full of supplies for new school year
energy denver mayor commits city to 100% clean electricity by 2030
uk carbon emissions fall to 1894 levels when the first petrol powered car was patented
drugs that could signal the end of hiv and aids are here
rare iberian lynx named lithium has appeared in barcelona after journeying more than 1 , 100 kilometres ( 680 miles ) from southern portugal , where it was released two years ago . he has now become the first iberian lynx seen in catalonia for more than a hundred years .
teenagers use of drugs , alcohol and tobacco declined significantly in 2016 at rates that are at their lowest since the 1990s
china getting ready to cultivate on dark side of the moon: in a series of lunar launches this new year china wants to be the first earthly nation to land on the moons dark side . they ' ll bring potatoes and silkworm eggs .
delighted father of rescued thai soccer player can ' t wait to hug his son
women ' s suffrage: labour will pardon suffragettes convicted while fighting for right to vote , says jeremy corbyn: ' some were severely mistreated and force fed in prison post conviction , so a pardon could mean something to their families ' , labour leader says .
princeton prof celebrates nobel prize win by returning to the classroom " well , of course . it ' s a matter of duty or pride to go back and do one ' s job , " haldane said .
stephen colbert donates $412 , 000 to nc disaster relief
ugandan schoolboy tumusiime henry was 15 when he was accused of murder the first time . while he waited almost two years for the trial to begin he was accused of a second murder . but then he met an american lawyer who slowly realised it was up to him to come to the rescue of an innocent teenager .
supreme court of india declares triple talaq unconstitutional , strikes it down by 3:2 majority
indian businessman installs hand pumps in pakistan ' s poverty stricken district
arbitration awarded baseball player trevor bauer with $6 . 5 million contract . he wanted $6 , 420 , 969 . 69 . so , he is donating $420 . 69 to a different charity every day for 69 days . day 69 will feature a $69 , 420 . 69 gift . he is taking suggestions on his site .
ketamine proven to treat depression among older australians in ' revolutionary ' pilot program
woman finds boy who left $5 , heartbreaking apology note
a teen saved more than a dozen clydesdales , including a 3 week old foal , from a burning barn about 60 miles east of atlanta .
olive ridley turtles hatch in mumbai after two decades
longtime customer doesnt die alone thanks to pizza shop employees
' miraculous ' : how a chronically homeless drug addict became a doting grandfather
woman missing since august found alive , chained
jose andres is nominated for the 2019 nobel peace prize , congressman confirms
a pure land inspired by treachery
britain to ban sale of all diesel and petrol cars and vans from 2040
arab social media ablaze with ' israel is burning ' posts celebrating fires
heartwarming moment as little boy unwraps his adoption papers .
americans ' trust in mass media sinks to new low
this man spent more than a decade creating a garden so his blind wife could smell the flowers
teen taking nap with his cow at state fair warming hearts across the country
live stream . one of the 320 saimaa ringed seals resting on a rock .
celebs call on turkish airlines to bring somalia food and water they gather . turkish airlines agrees to ship it .
this touching french open moment is the most compassionate you ' ll see in sports
sausage helps bring missing pups home
formerly homeless , theyre now advising doctors drafting canadas street health guidelines: medical professionals drafting national guidelines for treating homeless health issues are relying on the experiences of those whove lived on the streets .
pbs kids show arthur features a same sex wedding in its season 22 premiere
children 17 and under will get free admission to the academy museum of motion pictures forever thanks to a grant from the george lucas family foundation
muslim woman taking selfies with anti muslim protesters
animal abusers will have to register like sex offenders
grieving mom hides hot wheels around town in honor of son who died of cancer
' coal is on the way out ' : study finds fossil fuel now pricier than solar or wind
mum writes open letter to thank christmas burglars
fur farming is to be banned in ireland the government of ireland has been under increasing pressure to follow the lead of 14 other eu countries , which have already banned fur farms
city and township police receive teddy bear donations from local group
two year old toddler that went missing sunday while playing in her grandmother ' s yard in portugal found alive and well .
guy finds starcraft source code and returns it to blizzard , gets free trip to blizzcon
rescued calf becomes companion for blind cow who lost pig best friend
health workers vaccinate 306 , 000 people against cholera in yemen , including more than 164 , 000 kids . the latest vaccination effort stretched for six days , and was possible because warring sides agreed to pause fighting to allow 3 , 000 health workers to give vaccinations .
you can convert any oil fired heating system to run on vegetable grease
manhattan man who lost sight nearly 20 years ago regains vision
cockapoo saved by coastguard helicopter after being swept out to sea
55 year old fulfills lifelong dream of playing college football
a 22 year old british student has invented a mobile fridge that could save millions of lives across the world .
houston heights senior living community names their therapy chickens after the golden girls
cliven bundy denied bail in oregon following 2014 nevada standoff . if hes released and goes back to his ranch , thats likely the last the court will see of him , judge janice stewart said , finding bundy a danger to the community and a flight risk .
man takes a sparkly cat themed lunchbox to work to teach his cousin an important lesson
fishing tournament raises a boatload for cancer charity
money from stolen charity jar replaced and then some
a girl suffering from asperger ' s syndrome asks toilet roll for christmas , their parents made an igloo using 800 rolls .
high speed rail from london to amsterdam launches today with 35 tickets and 3 . 7 hour travel time
free community college in california
uber is now helping get older people in the u . k . to and from hospitals
her 107th birthday wish was to participate in a parade , so the town threw one just for her
lakeland firefighters pose with rescued pets in 2016 calendar
privacy advocates celebrate as massachusetts city becomes second in us to ban facial recognition technology
bridal shop comes to victoria hospital to fulfill family ' s parting wish
a robo hand for xmas
former canadian and u . s . women ' s hockey captains welcome baby
nestle purina is donating almost half a million dollars to st . louis childrens hospital to build a special family pet area
leonardo dicaprio just gave $1 million toward hurricane harvey relief efforts
family reunites with lost dog after spotting him in parade
twitter sends notice to president alvi over kashmir tweet
great progress
seven puppies found on remote island rescued , named after " gilligan ' s island " characters
96 year old becomes first woman to receive bc law society lifetime achievement award .
for only the second time on record , no one killed by tornadoes in us in may or june
saanich woman who forgot husband after traumatic head injury to remarry him next year
footprints on b . c . island now believed to be earliest found in north america: the 13 000 year old footprints found from 2014 to 2016 support the idea that some ancient humans from asia ventured into north america by hugging the pacific coastline , rather than by travelling through the interior .
children at mott hospital get 93 , 600 valentines from 25 countries
these black history artifacts are too delicate to touch , so i recreated them in 3 d
first time in human history of saudi arabia snow fall has happened !
south korean court outlaws killing dogs for their meat
over 400 coffee shops are donating proceeds to the aclu
an australian priest is fighting to abolish the gay panic defence , which allows a murderer to walk free if they claim a gay man came onto them
a 10 year old kansas city girl has broken a fitness record with 2110 sit ups .
when ice tried to arrest an man in tennessee , neighbors and a network of volunteers formed a human chain to protect him
scientist have made a contact lens that lets you zoom in by blinking
bus driver credited with saving lives during shooting
denver program targeting homeless jailed for petty offenses 70+ days a year and providing them with housing , results appear promising with city money saved on less jail costs , people getting their lives back on track
researchers at rutgers university found a new way to monitor the working of cancer drugs
computer tablets were given to 20 first grade age illiterate kids in an ethiopian village; in 5 days the kids were using 47 apps a day; within two weeks singing abc songs; within 2 months they had hacked android . an experiment can children teach themselves to read without teachers and school ?
girl , 4 , celebrates end of radiation cancer treatment dressed as an adorable stormtrooper
the bbc aims to have an equal number of male and female experts across its programmes by next year .
for first time ever , scientists identify how many trees to plant and where to plant them to stop climate crisis
a librarian secretly built a $4 million fortune and left it all to his alma mater
wild boar in germany adopted by herd of cattle ( x post from r/aww
attendees at bronycon raised $34 , 000 . 03 for children ' s cancer research
lgbt people invited to muslim community meal in dublin
ajit pai is reportedly being investigated by the fcc ' s inspector general
a homeless teenager has praised his " support network " after being offered scholarships worth in excess of $3m ( 2 . 36m ) along with potential places at more than 40 colleges . tupac mosley , from memphis , tennessee , became homeless after his father died in 2017
kittens trapped inside construction equipment rescued in redwood city
76 year old man raises more than $28 , 000 to feed stray , feral cats
layaway angel pays off more than $106k at walmart stores
kids have opportunity to go to global competition !
chicago hospital ' s smallest surviving premie finally goes home after 4 months
superplants: a promising solution for cutting annual carbon dioxide emissions by 50%
two people , 100+ animals escape flooded north carolina animal shelter
first aerial footage of baby blue whale nursing caught ( exclusive drone footage )
man straps himself into a falling helicopter to show they do not drop like bricks
indiana community passes out candy to little girl who missed halloween due to dog attack
little rock girl spends 13th birthday donating $1000 to cancer center
in hungary , some left wing jews are ready to work with a far right party led by a former neo naz
bnp struck off register of uk political parties because of ' clerical error '
students from small town north dakota band together to create peaceful protest against travel ban
adopted woman finds out her sister is dominique moceanu
kansas boys give flowers to every girl in school for valentine ' s day
girlfriend sabotages man ' s plans to travel to syria to join isis
the bangladeshi tribe thats guarding turtles , co authoring research papers
cotton candy girl is always that happy
colorado brain cancer patient , 4 , hits home run during college baseball game
four year old girl shows huge improvements , enrols in preschool , thanks to experimental treatment for dipg brain cancer
santa rosa shelter rescues dogs from mexico
hurricane irma brings home long lost dog
taylor swift ' reputation ' tour: 2 , 000 az foster kids treated to private show
london attack: muslim raises over $30 , 000 for victims
comedian dave chappelle delivers tickets to couple who were scammed
i know this isn ' t a typical post , but lawrence o ' donnell ' s k . i . n . d . fund has been helping bring educational opportunities to some of the poorest boys and girls on the planet . such a great cause celebrating its 7th year helping hundreds of thousands of children makes me feel great ! !
louisville dentist offers special program for those on the autism spectrum
man saves rabbit from us wildfires
tiny , family run iowa newspaper wins pulitzer for taking on agriculture companies
poster of cats to takeover a metro station in washington dc
private sector employment soared in september
after being bullied and rejected , shaholly ayers turned her weakness into her biggest strength to be an one arm model achhikhabre
lilly the hero pit bull that saved her owner from an oncoming freight train
the doggie who survived in woods for years reunited with the family .
' dancing doc ' at children ' s hospital helps bring smiles to many pediatric patients
how do you move a bookstore ? with a human chain , book by book
we don ' t put an expiration date on our dogs , " lya explains . " some are really ill , some are on their last leg , so it ' s important to us that they have at least a good memory of their time on earth when it ' s time to leave .
biggest wind farm in southern hemisphere will be built about 130 kilometres west of melbourne , powering estimated half million homes a year by 2025 . the proposed wind farm would produce up to 3500 gigawatt hours of energy a year equal to average annual energy consumption of at least 450 , 000 homes .
82 year old japanese woman learns to code , writes popular mobile app
1 , 500 animals get new homes during bay area pet fair
ohio boy who gave up xbox for blankets gets special surprise
9 year old gets colorado town to end ban on snowball fights
daughter reunited with mother ' s wedding dress 2 years to the date of her mother ' s death
a dairy queen owner unleashed a racist tirade against a customer . he no longer has a business .
abused chickens get some sweaters for the cold months . . . and they look fabulous .
sweden to reach its 2030 renewable energy target this year
aberdeen girl , 6 , donates all her presents to children in hospital
ohio couple gets back nearly $100k accidentally donated to goodwill
lady gaga surprises california wildfire evacuees with pizza , gift cards
university in pakistan offers free education programme for transgenders
denver welcomes its first free clothing store , impact humanity
good samaritans repair woman ' s roof blown off by wind
swiss firm claims new feed will curb cow farts and global warming
samsung warns users to watch what they say in front of smart tvs
pretty amazing story
meet piper , the airport k 9 wildlife control dog who keeps runways safe abc news
northwestern $1 million donation to evanston funds paramedic services , job training
moving story shows you can depend on the kindness of wrigley bleacher strangers
max , a therapy dog , joins county prosecutors office
dr . rand paul performs free eye surgeries
homeless teen bikes 6 hours to get to college , sleeps in tent until police get him a hotel room
iowa woman reconnects with stranger whose hug ' meant the world ' to her
technology helps blind pastor see clearly for first time in 50 years
lines out the door for usas first major organic drive thru fast food restaurant
girl , 8 , found safe after being kidnapped while walking with her mom . girl fought off kidnapper and thrown from his vehicle
boom service provides montreal youth a job and party planners an eco friendly alternative to disposable dishes
all 109 passengers are safe after libyan jet is hijacked and diverted to malta
an inspiring human trafficking search and rescue story
a homeless man died , leaving behind a pack of alley cats . his neighbors came to the rescue .
privet ! vladimir putin grants russian citizenship to steven seagal i welcome comrade seagal as our new ambassador
welcome to america ! chicago uber driver returns wallet to passenger who had just emigrated . the wallet had $3 , 000 in it
emotional pen pals , 81 , reveal joy at writing letters to each other for 70 years
jayme closs has been found alive after missing for 88 days .
singaporean gay man wins right to adopt child in landmark ruling
liberia ' s george weah slashes his salary and vows to change ' racist ' constitution
woman purchases a ticket from a strangers two year old daughter . really heartwarming story .
passenger saves ontario northland bus after driver passes out at the wheel on highway 401 . a woman on the bus trip to toronto from sudbury grabbed the wheel and steered the bus to safety
renewable energy overtakes coal as worlds largest source of power capacity
107 year old woman ' s keys to life: lottery , movies , and soda
federal grant would boost lead clean up efforts in glenville
30+ neighbors put up christmas lights in march to support eldery neighbor who had a note left in his mailbox telling him to move out so his house could be bulldozed to increase property values .
heineken ' s new ad gets totally political , and it ' s surprisingly great .
canada: crtc bans cellphone unlocking fees , orders all new devices be unlocked
winnipeg woman to fly 350 pounds of food to remote northern first nation
virginia beach 4 year old recognized for helping save aunt ' s life
when you ' ve waited 46 years to meet your mother , what ' s one more hour ?
ebola vaccine provides 100 percent protection
young gas station cashier makes elderly customers day ( by dancing with her . )
an entire school started learning sign language to welcome a deaf kindergartener
a new jersey schoolteacher devoted 45 years to helping students with disabilities . now she ' s leaving them $1 million
5 , 000 people stand in rain for hours to see if stem cells match for 5 year old battling cancer
hated ' pharma bro ' martin shkreli arrested on fraud charges
brazil announces the end of mega dams in the amazon | international rivers statement
in fire ravaged coffey park , residents put up christmas trees where houses stood
activists use pokemon go to tell the world about syria ' s children
bennie ' s barn began hosting the horses for heros program aimed at giving younger veterans a chance to help older veterans through equine therapy .
previously unknown " supercolony " of more than 1 , 500 , 000 adelie penguins discovered in antarctica .
health canada allows more religious groups to import psychedelic ayahuasca
at just 25 years old , d . c . resident chanel turner is the youngest black woman to launch her own vodka brand . now , she ' s giving other black business owners a platform with black owned wine and spirits festival .
electric planes herald new era for aviation at the paris air show
this disabled boy always wanted to go on a bike ride , but couldn ' t then a kind neighbour made it happen
egalitarian gallery: new york curators combat elitism , exhibit everything following an " open call " for art
kidnapped chicago teen helps break up san jose human trafficking operation
common cold helps kill bladder cancer
community rallies to get new bike for man with autism
mock election predicts bernie sanders as next president
best friends for 60 years learn they ' re biological brothers through dna site
proposed to my girlfriend in yosemite national park
this man rescued these foxes and now they wont leave his side
2 year old girl thinks newlywed bride is princess from her favorite book
uk parliament votes to extend abortion and same sex marriage rights to northern ireland
decentralized app , that feeds the hungry by delivering unwanted food from local caterers and restaurants , delivered its 1 , 000 meal in austin , texas . .
nhl legend mario lemieux takes cancer survivor ice skating
with age comes wizdom . the wizards 50 and older dance squad is thrilling crowds .
gay sex is not a crime , says supreme court in historic judgement
school bus driver builds ramp for student in wheelchair
liver transplants could be redundant with discovery of new liver cell , suggests a new study by researchers at kings college london , who used single cell rna sequencing to identify a type of cell that may be able to regenerate liver tissue , treating liver failure without the need for transplants .
meet kitty , the ' dog who changed the world '
the hong kong teenager behind chinas panda shaped solar farms being built around the world
immensely proud of this man , and so happy he is a part of my family: rev . david meredith , of cincinnati ' s clifton united methodist church and one of usa today ' s " faces of pride
man buys all the food in closing pet store to donate to shelters .
the u . s . is retreating from religion
tech companies are partnering with animal shelters to provide live streaming interactive cameras and controllable toys to play with cats and dogs to increase adoption rates .
eta disarms: french police find 3 . 5 tonnes of weapons bbc news
grant helps charity serve homeless through summer donation drought
it ' s enough to wag your tail ! florida dog ' s health tracked for golden retriever lifetime study to combat cancer .
world ' s first pastafarian wedding takes place in new zealand
in ' special message ' , taliban leader urges afghans to plant more trees .
justin trudeau confirms canada will grant asylum to 18 year old rahaf al qunun
australia on track to become first country to completely eliminate cervical cancer
one of uk ' s longest married couples reunited
accused russian reporter to go free after outcry
how these prison dogs and inmates are changing veterans lives
nasas curiosity rover is back to work after bizarre glitch
historians in iraq museum continue work despite 2003 looting
down syndrome couple celebrate 22 years of happy marriage
cat found stuck in car engine rescued .
animals accorded same rights as humans in indian state
woman buys out closing payless store to donate shoes to nebraska flood victims
texas fire department rescues kitten trapped inside car tire
beula gabriel , a 77 year old principal who sold her own house to keep her school running so that the young kids would chase their dreams
student injured in nyc attack returned to school the next day " because he was working on 100% perfect attendance .
isis fanatics who beheaded scandinavian hikers to die by firing squad in morocco
how in 1914 a us navy ' santa claus ship ' sailed to england with christmas presents
bangladesh has reduced child mortality rates by 78 percent
wayne hartshorne spent 25 years tending to grave of australian soldier he never knew
francis kone , the footballer who has now saved the lives of four opponents
three days after tornado , spca reunites dog with owner
' stamp out hunger ' mail carriers collect over 150 tons of food in arizona
it took me three years ( 80 hour weeks ! ) to make this career finder app and so far it ' s helped 6500 people ! ( android version coming in feb 2019 )
florida survey spots record number of manatees
climbers rescue french woman stranded on pakistans killer mountain | world news | the guardian
mother of 5 ( 2 adopted , 2 with autism ) and team runs 110 miles in 26 hours to raise awareness for adoption on national adoption day !
a local animal shelter is letting pokemon go fanatics volunteer to walk dogs
shelter sent all the dogs to homes in time for the holidays
officer buys car seats for children after traffic stop
teachers quick cpr response saved grandfathers life after heart attack
the surprising internet forum some alcoholics are choosing over aa
girl sparks friendship lonely man at grocery store , helps him heal after losing wife
comic designed to raise money for charity helps out toronto cat rescue
obama orders public schools to allow transgender students access to restrooms
mother walks 26 miles to save her family stranded near the grand canyon
mount rainier climbers rescued after being stranded three days
thailand cave boys say they want to be navy seal divers in first public comments since rescue
a massive gold nugget worth at least $110 , 000 has been uncovered by a prospector in remote western australia . the retired man , who doesn ' t wish to be named to protect his identity , says he ' s been combing the same patch in the northern goldfields with a metal detector for years .
world ' s biggest container shipper commits to carbon neutrality by 2050 danish container shipping giant maersk has pledged to become a carbon neutral business by 2050 the first commitment of its kind from the global maritime shipping sector .
homeless woman given new shoes by kind stranger who saw her walking barefoot .
also today , hundreds of young students have marched in amsterdam to protest climate change policies
wally made it to mainstream news !
[italian] cosplayer turns his friend ' s weelchair into a batmobile
kurdistan regions peshmerga hospital , funded by germany , officially opens
brain implant restores partial vision to blind people
my friend lost her leg in a river and a random guy found it and returned it 24 hours later .
mdma reopens a ' window in the brain ' that lets ptsd victims form new bonds and memories to overcome trauma , study suggests
rooster teeth raised over a half a million for their extra life 24 hour live streamw
environmental campaigners believe that public pressure is finally about to force the environment secretary , michael gove , to introduce a blanket ban on the commercial trade in ivory in the uk: consultation by the government shows huge public support for ending all sales .
marshae jones , alabama woman indicted for death of her fetus , wont be prosecuted
a man hurled racist slurs and a punch at a fedex driver then died after he was punched back
woman thanks judge with box of chocolates after he ordered surgery to remove brain tumour
vietnamese art shop lifting disabled children out of poverty
this kind man brings 3 , 000 gallons of water to drought stricken animals in kenya every day !
1 , 400 uplifting messages on lockers start the day on a positive note at lewiston high school
australian transport ticket officer shuts down racist man in the most australian way possible .
see manager ' s kind gesture after tipsy woman left car at restaurant instead of driving home
dog missing 4 years suddenly shows back up
the washington wizards gave a 10 year old battling kidney disease his own player introduction
handless seven year old girl wins us handwriting contest
rapper 2 chainz pays disabled veterans rent for a year
viral reddit post landed copywriter his dream job
deadpool gets cancer right: debunking the hero survivor myth , one smart aleck joke at a time
paraglider , pole dancer on a wheelchair , and international sex icon: erin clark is a full on badass
man saves dogs life by taking rattlesnake bite for him .
indiana cop lies on floor with kid having a bad day
christchurch ( new zealand ) youth inmates tackle marathon
' chewbacca mom ' on winning facebook in 2016 bbc news
canadian government announces measures to help save key whale species
apple store worker wows mother of child with autism
mystery irish woman gives 50k fiver to charity
philippines taxi driver rewarded for returning valuables
dog uses golf talents to help other pets
judge allows nervous 72 year old defendant to take cat with him to chelmsford crown court
china: an 8 yr old boy dubbed ice boy on social media raised more than $300 , 000 in donations after photos were shared on social media of him arriving at school in yunnan with rosy cheeks , swollen feet and frosted hair .
small town coffee shops see boom after dunkin donuts fire
more people are surviving cancer in australia than ever before . since 1989 , the mortality rate has dropped by 32% for people identifying as men and by 21% for those identifying as women .
hero pitbull uses doggy door to save neighbors from violent home intruders
love knows no species: emu and donkey have fallen for each other , caretakers say
harrison girl , 7 , a fundraising sensation , gets $7 , 500 surprise from walmart
milwaukee judges help clear 7 , 000 warrants , drivers license . . .
ohio state to make college tuition free for low and moderate income students
hiv vaccine shows promise in human trial
customer covers lunch for law enforcement in town for slain deputy ' s funeral
afghan girls robotics team , which was temporarily denied entry into us in july , goes on to win major european robotics competition .
she ' s sent over 100 care packages to kids who are suffering with the loss of a parent since last september . this is her brainchild , ' heaven sent it '
this is the world ' s first fully 3d printed and fully functional electric motorbike
waterbirds paradise shortlisted for world heritage status
muslim group raises more than $40 , 000 to repair damages at jewish cemetery
turtle , the turtle , rescued on vail pass
more people are adopting old dogs really old dogs
russell crowe leads the way after appeal for birthday messages for ollie ( 9 ) who is being bullied
medical marijuana used to treat heroin and cocaine addiction at los angeles rehab centre
california officers reunite 250 pound tortoise with owners
muslim group raises more than $40 , 000 to repair damages at jewish cemetery
this hiker saved the life of an alaskan timber wolf4 years later the wolf still remembered him
missing aquarium seal found
young children are not being exposed to microbes as they once were , and their immune systems are not being properly primed . a cocktail of microbes could be given as a yoghurt like drink to very young children in the future to potentially prevent leukaemia , type 1 diabetes and allergies .
indiana police department allows people to pay off parking tickets by donating to animal shelter
fiona the baby hippo !
milwaukee man starts mentoring program for black youth in 53206
letters pour in after n . j . boy with autism writes he has no friends
you can help keep the internet open and free ! ! !
drug overdoses correlated to record number of organ donations
hero nation ypsilanti raises $10k for kids to see ' black panther '
church ministers defy leaders by marrying same sex couples
mobile passport will get you through customs and immigration in under 60 seconds
former home improvement star taran noah smith fixing homes of those affected by hurricane harvey
forget food trucks . italy is bringing opera to rome ' s grittier neighborhoods .
this 28 year old teaches children who used to beg at a mumbai signal
the trans pacific partnership is dead
growing kosovo: how iowa helped build a nation from the ashes of war
[awesome] ikea has launched a website for 3d printable parts for their furniture , for people with special needs
family mourns son killed in crash , offers forgiveness to driver
london marathon ' s oldest runner still going strong at 83
for nearly three decades , vijay thakur , a taxi driver in mumbai , had been ferrying ailing people to hospital for free . it was a vow he made to himself , after a night of trauma , which even spurred him to change his lucrative profession of an engineer in larson and tubro to a humble taxi driver .
new zealand man spots endangered sea turtles for sale to eat at a market , buys them , drives to the ocean and sets them free .
eminem celebrates 10 years of sobriety
widower donates insurance payment to medical debt relief
transgender woman ' incredibly touched ' by amazing letter from colleagues after returning to the workplace as ' aoife ' : ' acceptance matters to us
man survives for multiple days in arizona desert with nothing but crackers and beer
boy with diabetes saves pennies for 4 years to get service dog
boy with duchenne muscular dystrophy has personal letter for first minister of scotland answered and meet !
nonverbal boy with autism shares special bond with deaf new shelter dog
the ozone hole could heal in our lifetimes , un reports
this article is about something else , but i found it encouraging to see a local officer who had done something wrong had been fired and charged with a crime . maybe not your typical uplifting news but i thought it so .
flight attendants fight human trafficking .
carolina panthers qb cam newton brought two full bags of food to a homeless man in a random act of kindness
large firms will have to publish and justify their chief executives ' salaries and reveal the gap to their average workers under proposed new laws . uk listed companies with over 250 staff will have to annually disclose and explain the so called " pay ratios " in their organisation .
denmark will become the first country to no longer define being transgender as a mental illness
man holds ' you belong ' sign outside texas islamic center
iowa school giving students pe credits for helping elderly , people with disabilities do yard work
k9 officer goodboye recovers from stab wound
30 , 000 bees rescued from earthquake ravaged kaikoura
palestinians to recognize texas as part of mexico
indian nuclear reactor sets new world record
a dishwasher becomes a partner in one of the worlds greatest restaurants
workers almost finished making cliffside ladders a little less dangerous for village kids climbing to school: shanghaiist
bbc news live on air hijacked by giggling 4 year old boy
london terrorist attack: ' heroic ' mp hailed for attempts to save stabbed officer
a restaurant put a fridge outside so the hungry and homeless can grab leftovers
sisters deliver toys to needy children in scotland
mom to the rescue: dog saves her puppies from drowning ( video )
every pupil from p6 up in glasgow to get a free tablet device to ensure no child gets left out .
turning 3 at evacuation shelter , boy gets birthday surprise
i was homeless and my life was trash . then this seattle family took me in
need my faith in humanity restored again . care to share some positive stories ? here ' s some i found .
five year old with brain tumor included in the official squad of a professional football team
this too should happen to the millionaires involved with the " panama papers
air force veterans pay for 14 year old kenyan boy kelvin muriuki ' s education and fly him to school in a helicopter
same sex couples start registering marriages in taiwan .
sacha baron cohen and isla fisher ' give 670 , 000 to charity '
how minneapolis freed itself from the stranglehold of single family homes: desperate to build more housing , the city just rewrote its decades old zoning rules .
this teenager was walking for hours to and from work until a police stop changed his life
pittsburgh pirates usher celebrates 81 years on the job
electron accelerators to break apart the valuable sugars inside plant life or biomass .
how a simple sim card makes indian farmers more efficientand possibly saves lives .
indonesia &amp; france: a joint force for renewable energy development
former president jimmy carter , during sunday school teaching , says his cancer is ' gone '
patton oswalt is doing standup for the first time since his wife ' s death , incorporates grieving process in his routine . ( x post from r/standupcomedy )
a swiss billionaire has donated $1 billion to save the earth
how flocks of parakeets turned to the birdman for help during chennai floods
the earth is greener than it was two decades ago , and it is because of india and china
a study has found that stem cells injected into the brain help stroke victims recover and even walk again
jeremy the snail finds a potential mate
etsy introduces a new initiative to fight climate change , aiming to offset 100 percent of its shipping emissions
researchers have turned recycled plastic water bottles into affordable prosthetic limbs
by 2050 , renewables will supply 87% of electricity in europe , 55% in the u . s . , 62% in china and 75% in india . fossil fuels are facing unprecedented challenges as the cost of renewables trends down often at double digit rates while grid and local battery capacity ramps up to handle demand supply .
british boy rejects 5million offer for money saving website he started aged 12
man makes pumpkin boat and paddles it on the river ouse , york
plastic bags: charge could rise to 10p and be extended to all shops
a teen saves for 2 years to buy his friend an electric wheelchair
' it ' s a miracle ' : dog saves boy buried in avalanche
dark web dealers voluntarily ban deadly fentanyl
in response to the over 1000% increase in downloads , the tree planting search engine ecosia wants to plant an additional 2 million trees in brazil !
the nyc dog who stands on the corner offering hugs
match found in ' needle in a haystack ' search for stem cell donor [for lara casalotti] [and persuaded &gt;20 000 others to sign up]
the nun in loyola chicagos huddle has a few things to say
nigerian man was ostracized and treated as an outcast in his country because of his face tumour but he ' s now a 4th year medical student in the us
' respect is key ' : the game , snoop dogg lead march to lapd headquarters , meet with chief charlie beck
army veteran stops shooter after homecoming football game in tennessee .
rainforest regrowth boosts carbon capture , study shows
former prostitute wins legal challenge against uk government
italy will open up more than 1 , 000 cultural monuments , archaeological areas and other hidden treasures which are usually inaccessible to public . . . list includes ornate villas , hidden gardens , historic castles , churches , museums , and other secret spots that usually keep their doors closed .
european investment bank unveils proposal to stop funding fossil fuel projects
iraq is turning saddam husseins palace into a museum: amid conflict with isis and a budget crisis , iraqi officials hope new museum will herald a revival of the ancient port city of basra .
syrian refugee father who used to sell pens on the streets of beirut now owns 3 businesses
principal shaves head after bald boy is teased in school
alabamas largest church gives update on tornado relief
a guy gets a second chance at life with a new face
guests gobsmacked as couple marry in ikea
child paralyzed from ' polio like ' illness afm able to walk again after nerve transfer surgery
refugee team revealed for rio 2016 games
vintage coin operated horses from department stores set free in alberta landscape
couple buys 45 hotel rooms for homeless in the snow
photo captures elderly womans kind gesture to aggressive man on train
man rescues two kittens thanks to playing pokemon go
hawaii signs law to become carbon neutral by 2045 ( crosspost /r/hawaiipolitics )
as detroit is revitalized , a startup developer is sharing profits with long time residents
montreal based artist with paranoid schizophrenia hosts first solo show
every frog has its day
rhino poacher get trampled and eaten
convicted paedophiles in australia could be blocked from travelling abroad in a bid to prevent them sexually abusing children in developing nations
all the dogs from our local shelter have been adopted !
two young gray seals rescued from a new hampshire beach in march after violent storms are being released back to the wild this weekend .
' seoul to shut down all dog slaughterhouses '
in houston , syrian refugees are starting new lives
in a historic first , punjab to appoint woman advocate general the express tribune
turkey ' s jews host ramadan iftar at restored synagogue
the times are tough but here are 6 good reasons to power up and keep on fighting
people are challenging each other on twitter to text a $10 donation to the red cross harvey fund .
gorilla hugging man who saved her life wins photographer of the year
dove is offering $5 , 000 grants for dads without access to paid paternity leave
my first book was just featured on io9 and i ' m speechless .
5 year old football fan gets a trial in goal for his team
netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners .
we gave a shelter dog a pampered ' doggy day out . ' it ' s increasing adoption rates around the us
california highway police go on the ' slowest pursuit ever ' to safely guide a gaggle of geese off of a bay area highway
elephants get a reprieve as price of ivory falls
southern baptist convention offers to cover funeral expenses for all sutherland springs shooting victims
starbucks to open first signing u . s . location to support those who are deaf or hard of hearing
ex nhl player to push injured womens pro hockey player through boston marathon
the ceo who gave 90% of his salary to his staff
this 21 year old woman is paying her way through college with a cheesecake business
long line to vote ? a pizza delivery service will send a pie to crowded polling places
bullied teen gets to party when 120 bikers make her dreams come true
if you missed today ' s eclipse , you can catch another one in north america in 2024
voters say goodbye to dog racing in florida . racing tracks have until 2020 to phase out commercial dog racing .
meet sporty , the downtown dog who walks himself | chicago magazine
boss takes employees on caribbean cruise all 800 of them !
christmas cards helping ' tough little one ' face cancer nova scotia lets get this girl get some cards .
man covers admission for 200 kids to hillyard pool | my fox spokane
a simple way to improve a billion lives: eyeglasses
zebra shark surprises scientists by giving birth without male
retired history teacher spends all his time helping refugees in utah .
cyntoia brown is granted clemency after serving 15 years in prison for killing man who bought her for sex
google to sponsor coding lessons for 3 , 000 children in needy homes
how science found a way to help coma patients communicate
army veteran reunited with his military dog after 3 years
dog revived with oxygen after rescue from burning house gets visit from hero firefighter
the world ' s biggest bee has been re discovered , after decades thought lost to science
london marathon runner stops to assist fatigued runner 300m from finish line
hedgehog cafe opens in tokyo to promote animals ' softer side
faith in humanity restored fox cub rescued from drain in england
uk ' s first maternity clinic for rape victims opens
homeless woman gives birth outside vatican , gets offer of home
injured baby beaver recovers in a pool
denver artist designs t shirts for humanitarian effort towards hurricane victims 100% of profits go to relief efforts
saudi students win big at us science fair
brazil opens latin america ' s first elephant sanctuary
virginia town lets residents pay parking tickets with canned food items .
plant 3 , 000 trees: delhi high courts green punishment for 2g accused
some perspective
eastern quolls introduced to canberra sanctuary , 50 years after mainland extinction
' babe ruth ' of blood donors saves thousands , hits 100 gallon milestone
stem cells offer hope for autism
glad to see the usmnt supporting the uswnt fight for equal pay .
memories returned to 90 year old garretson woman
til pornhub has a branch of their network called pornhub cares where they focus on humanitarian efforts . some of their causes are breast and testicular cancer research , planting trees , and funding student college scholarships .
video: adorable girl singing to newly adopted puppy
how kickstarter superstar labinot bytyqi went from war refugee to tech innovator
a ten year old boy from daventry who has adhd and dyspraxia is planning to climb one of englands highest mountains to help raise funds to support a little girl with a devastating illness
tijuanas plastic bag ban good for san diego , environmentalists say
duck family evacuated from a unsafe pavement by local police
edmonton area gets canada ' s first stroke ambulance
more than 200 quebec doctors oppose proposed pay raise for themselves: they want the provincial government to backtrack on plans for pay hikes , saying other employees in the health care industry such as nurses are continuing to work under tough conditions .
gov . jim justice announces 5 percent raise for all west virginia educators
pit bull saves family from house fire , pulls 7 month old girl by her diaper | fox news
holocaust education in moldova is about to get ( slightly ) better
' conservation successes ' bring hope for mountain gorillas and fin whales
80 students shave heads to support classmate with cancer returning to school
a group of friends are going to carry their friend suffering with muscular atrophy on their backs across europe to fulfill his lifelong dream
fukushima village farmers plant rice for 1st time since nuclear disaster
current nba players break new ground by choosing to fund health insurance for retired nba players
ira the lion , celebrates 4 years
oklahoma mother offers to be stand in parent at gay weddings
alabama barber gives free haircuts , school supplies to 100 kids
village saves drowning leopard trapped in a 60 foot well
30 doctors published a paper detailing zion harvey ' s miraculous success as the first child to successfully receive a double hand transplant . he is now 10 years old and continues to thrive with his new hands .
firefighters rescue dog , bird from jersey city fire ( photos )
george w . bush paints portraits of wounded veterans he sent to war
lincoln park zoo names baby camel " alexander camelton
man suffering widow maker heart attack says dog saved his life
lost corgi found after 2 days on presque isle
stranger buys parking ticket for illegally parked car left by polish couple having baby
woman with downs syndrome makes history at miss usa state pageant
ford is adding another $4 . 5 billion to develop electric cars .
stuck hedgehog gets freed
ceo of chinese phone company says he ' ll give 750m ( $980m/870m ) bonus to charity
after life of incalculable harm , billionaire climate denialist and right wing villain david koch dead at 79
global diarrhoea deaths down by a third the number of children dying worldwide of diarrhoea fell by a third between 2005 and 2015
australian policeman chosen by baby kangaroo as surrogate parent
a girl in mexico attached her christmas list to a balloon . a man across the border found it .
stranger helps evicted 90 year old veteran buy back home in time for holidays
lamb adopts orphaned rhino and baby elephant
wa police officer hand delivers boy ' s missing christmas present
mans 6 hour long erection after drinking viagra infused energy drink prompts zambia to ban the beverage
lazy town actor stefan karl stefansson allegedly free of cancer ( translation in comments )
abandoned kittens , rescued by auburn police , meet their new families
world war ii vet , 96 , gets college degree nearly 70 years after taking his last class
with private funding , newark reopens temporary homeless shelter
girl asks man who raised her to adopt her as his own
father of quantum physics: matter does not create life , life creates matter
america ' s renewable energy set to surpass coal for the first month ever
the hero canada needs
a new government directive to the crtc telling the regulator to focus more on competition , innovation and consumer interest could mean cheaper wireless plans in canada within two years , says the head of an upstart trying to break into the market .
dog raises ducklings after mothers death
the amazing psychology of japanese train stations: data analyzed over a 10 year period shows an 84 percent decline in the number of suicide attempts at stations where blue lights are installed .
these tree planting drones are firing seed missiles to restore the worlds forests in a remote field south of yangon , myanmar , tiny mangrove saplings are now roughly 20 inches tall . last september , the trees were planted by drones .
germany ' s bibiana steinhaus amped to kick off first bundesliga match , making her the first female football ref in one of the european top leagues
hear paralyzed musicians deliver a performance with only their brainwaves .
mgm resorts donates $3 million to las vegas victim ' s gofundme
memphis grizzlies ' mike conley donates to methodist sickle cell center
it has changed my life: laid off workers dedication pays off in 110 degree heat
army veteran reunited with stolen dog in time for christmas
man leaves thousands of handwritten encouragement letters across his oregon town
kentucky salon offers free back to school haircuts for students in need
instead of spending money on dresses and suits for prom , students from my city donated to help kids who have leukemia
deaf waitress breaking down communication barriers at virginia restaurant
gamers meet in real life at bedside of terminally ill friend
how we stay positive amidst the negativity
couple married 63 years die minutes apart in same room
cancer stricken woman saves african elephants without leaving small town iowa
nm students skype with refugees
unhcr rohingya refugee men join push to curb sexual violence
india man plants forest bigger than central park to save his island
karma good things come to those who do good things
american air force col . searches for his japanese birth mother . he found her and the restaurant she had named after him .
tiny ramps installed along indianapolis canal to help save ducklings from drowning
is this chinese migrant worker a real life ' good will hunting ? '
norway announces total ban on fur farming
volunteer babysitters help widowed sydney mum to train for charity marathons
students raise $2000 to send jolly janitor on vacation
adorable conjoined twin sisters separated after marathon surgery
anonymous donor pays lunch debts for 148 students
zoo pioneers eye guard for rhinos , easing seasonal allergies .
legal rx drugs from canada
mom service dog has puppies in airport , while dad service dog looks on .
fellow farmers help grieving indiana man who lost his grandaughter harvest 100 acres in one day
gainesville state school is a juvenile correctional facility near the border with oklahoma and its basketball team is on a quest for sporting redemption
photographer almost turns away customer
tim berners lee has launched a global campaign to save the web from the destructive effects of abuse and discrimination , political manipulation , and other threats that plague the online world .
picture of indonesian muslim woman shaking hands with pope francis goes viral asean+ | the star online
yes , that was prince william who just rescued you
new jersey turnpike reuniting lost teddy bear with boy
swiss airlines pilot takes plane on an impromptu scenic detour
abandoned malnourished puppy becomes ptsd therapy dog for iraq war veteran
a couple surprised their daughters with an adopted baby brother under the christmas tree and their reaction is adorable
bionic fingertip gives amputee a feel for different textures
valedictorian barred from graduation to get own ceremony
i was a mother to 2 , 000 people ( lisa campbell arrived in greece , from the united states , in november 2015 . she expected to stay for 45 days , taking orders and helping others . she ended up running a refugee camp for eighteen months . )
firefighters lend a hand and hose to family filling pool on hot summer day
family thankful to malay man whose intervention brought showers of blessings
the new york public library is helping the young and unemployed succeed by letting them check out things needed for interviews
portland anarchists are rebelling against the lazy government by fixing roads
us liver donor marries woman whose life he saved
doctors in louisiana removed a rare facial tumor from a brazilian 3 year old after her parents took to social media pleading for help .
these conjoined twins spent their lives in a hospital . they just went home as two .
man jumps into icy water to save dog from frozen pond
d day veteran harry read , 94 , skydives to raise money for the salvation army
poor guy lost his dvd collection in a fire , but people are helping him out .
a premature baby named freya is giving hope to parents through a photo that was captured when she was just 5 days old .
us trooper stops retired police officer who delivered him 27 years ago
elon musk to pay for water stations , filtration at all flint schools
' you made her wish come true ' dying woman enjoys special beach trip thanks to kind hearted volunteers
they need to make some with bells . . .
tourists are flocking to this hawaiian cat sanctuary with 500 furry felines
george and amal clooney donate $10 , 000 to dog rescue organization
annual rescue of pufflings baby puffins underway in witless bay
democrats call on doj to look into jared kushner ' s white house role
independent book shop is robbed of 600 , owner mentions it on twitter , followers start crowdfunding appeal and raise thousands in donations .
first air partners with iqaluit humane society to fly dogs to ottawa 2 , 000km away so they can preserve their no kill policy
its a dream come true: genetic test leads to emotional father daughter reunion
hundreds of fatherless brides in india tie the knot as diamond tycoon funds their weddings in a mass celebration
around 100 rescued after fire on indonesia tourist boat
man creates a glorious garden of scented flowers to make his blind wife smile again
man who rushed terrorist shooter in christchurch attack still alive
jilted bride throws party for 150 homeless people
vaccination method that wiped out smallpox gets unleashed today on ebola
' hero ' firefighters save man having a heart attack then finish his garden work
entire town gets high from marijuana fumes after indonesian police burn three ton pile of confiscated drugs
the bangladeshi government is keeping young people out of poverty by investing in digital skills
cannabis may pose a long term risk to the alcohol industry
canadian rangers travel more than 100 kilometres in severe weather to rescue fisherman
gay couple become first to get married on british military base in cyprus
pakistani fishermen feed island full of stray dogs
saint louis chess club pairs inner city students with local police through new scholastic program
innovative child malaria vaccine to be tested in malawi
thai granny completes university degree at 91
u . s . park ranger , furloughed during government shutdown , wins $29 . 5m lotto jackpot
a burglar killed his blue great dane . a shelter surprised him on super bowl sunday .
mom records heartwarming video of police officer playing with dolls with girls who ' were afraid of cops '
16 year old fortnite world champion wins record breaking $3 million prize
paypal sets new world record: most money raised online for charity in 24 hours .
prank turns real with holiday help for dozens of families
airports bringing in therapy dogs to calm anxious plane passengers
don ' t let anyone tell you you can ' t achieve your goals inspirational blind teacher
' women fighting cancer ' hopes to raise money for cancer research
historic india ruling legalises gay sex
parking officer takes pity on driver after finding handwritten note on windshield .
eddie van halen donates his personal guitar collection to low income schools music programs
this swedish student has apparently stopped an afghan refugee from being deported
' deuce ' the two legged dog thriving following severe abuse
multiple sclerosis patient can walk again after receiving a treatment that is usually used for cancer a breakthrough uk doctors call ' remarkable ' !
india gets its first dedicated elephant hospital
stuart family cared for missing cat eventually reunited with owner after 14 years
deaf and blind puppy ( chapel ) rescued in kentucky after being thrown into frozen creek
grandma aged 78 couldnt get out of chair now she deadlifts 225lb weights in the gym
taiwanese lost in china for 11 years returns home: after 11 years of wandering the streets of dongwan city in chinas guangdong province , chung hsi feng returned home after months of cross strait negotiations and aid from taiwanese businesspeople
orphaned kittens found in street think this bearded guy is their mom
' thank you for much ' : syrian girl ' s first canada day
man returns cash after robbing gas station near frankfurt
bodycam shows cop save passenger trapped in a burning suv
university of minnesota senior backup kicker awarded full ride football scholarship for being model citizen
people are in love with the ' icu grandpa ' who cuddles babies at an atlanta hospital .
operation santa claus has given us hope , says paralysed woman
irish women bare all in record breaking skinny dip for a childrens cancer charity
washington isnt paying miami tsa workers , but a haitian restaurant is feeding them
my best friend in high school who just lost his battle with cancer . would love this to see the front page . he was an amazing guy and never let his terminal illness take that from him .
police officer films 3 young men helping elderly woman: ' she could have been my grandmother '
wichita girl who walked on life support at childrens mercy is home for 17th birthday
uk ' s largest supermarket commits to no edible food going to waste from the end of february
the new india: 271 million lifted out of extreme poverty in 10 years
yay
north carolinas famous wild horses emerge from hurricane florence unscathed
woman knits tiny sweaters to keep rehabilitated chickens warm
teen with cerebral palsy walks for the first time at graduation
the mystery of the message in the bottle has been solved . inside edition has tracked down the author of the decades old message in a bottle that was found by a five year old boy and his mom last week . jan popp says she handwrote the message for her son , chris
proof that animals on verge of extinction can be saved
baby girl born with her heart outside her body has successfully undergone surgery , despite only 10 percent chance of survival
2019 elections:nigeria warns u . s against meddling in country ' s internal affairs
the bees living on notre dame ' s roof survived the fire
pakistan considers electric vehicles to fight pollution
a youtuber tries to debunk an internet scammer , but ends up actually helping a man in need
manchester attack: 13k raised ' to buy 999 staff a drink ' bbc news
[meta] not to be a downer but , i think we should all keep the gist of this article in mind while browsing this sub .
terminally ill woman holds party before ending her life
muslim hindu men donate kindeys to each others wives and save their lives
youre almost men: watch this man brilliantly break up a street fight between two teenage boys
company donates new roof to army veteran
edward snowden writes a letter to young malawi girl living with albinism
this guy . . . homeless swansea man walks 8 , 000 miles as thank you for help bbc news
boy offers to mow lawns for money to buy school supplies , gets surprise in return
big issue seller marries woman he met when she asked him for change
precision medicine pills shrink little girls rare brain tumors after chemo fails
baby found alive in rubble three days after tremors
ups driver delivers , makes 5 year olds dreams come true
' miracle ' cat survives for weeks trapped under eaves of church
seven year old girl born without hands wins handwriting competition
miami to wear special uniform made with recycled materials for season opener
malaysian pm says search for mh370 may be resumed if new evidence found
report: worker pay rising at fastest pace in 10 years
lancashire girl with cancer receives 3 , 000 birthday cards
texas girl missing for almost two years found safe
til: a ugandan man , jordan kinyera , saw his father lose their land in a legal fight at age 6 . he spent 18 years in school and became a lawyer and won back the land 23 years later .
whale returns a womans phone after she accidentally drops it in the ocean
dutch city plans to pay all citizens a basic income , and greens say it could work in the uk utrecht takes step towards paying people a salary whether they work or not .
study by stanford university scholars finds that mohammed salah ' s popularity has reduced anti muslim sentiment and hate crimes in liverpool
a recent blood drive at a mid michigan health center in gratiot brought in a record setting 112 units of blood in a two day period . previously , the record set for the most blood received from a drive was 16 units .
meet the " neighborhood nanny " who is helping a community in need
dog named dorian rescued from waters of marina ahead of hurricane
student at my school made over 1 , 000 origami hearts , every locker had one .
2 , 400 year old roman era mosaic found in southern turkey says be cheerful , enjoy your life
another kid needs our help reddit !
truck drivers go the extra mile for a boy ' s birthday surprise
local austin nonprofit helping homeless kids aging out of foster care
man climbs building with bare hands to save dangling child
man with als who inspired ice bucket challenge is still alive , despite reports
activists bail women out of jail to ensure more happy mother ' s days
police make terminally ill toddlers dream come true
10 year old girl with cancer too sick to see up . pixar flies a dvd to her home .
chemistry professor dispatched a team of mercenaries into an islamic state war zone to free one of her doctoral students . " i got so angry that is was . . . disrupting the research .
students shave their heads to support classmate who ' s suffering from cancer
aussie rugby player takes terminally ill girl to her school formal
weightlifter saves accident victim by lifting car to get him out
last week canada made making cosmetic testing on animals illegal .
kraft heinz to give all of their salaried employees the day after the super bowl off instead of buying multi million dollar game ad
football player eats lunch with boy with autism sitting alone
chefs dish up surplus food from olympic village to rio ' s hungry
through community effort , buffalo , ny is on the verge of eliminating homelessness
how a city found an absolutely genius way of handling neo nazis
veteran cant work without his service dog so lowes hired them both
britain plans for opt out organ donation system by 2020 in hope of saving 700 more lives yearly .
north and south korean musicians perform together in china in hope to bring the divided koreas closer together through music
about 160 , 000 people in new york to see their marijuana convictions disappear
80 dogs rescued from animal shelter in florida panhandle
dog meeting santa will revive your christmas spirit
divers set world record for cleaning debris from ocean floor
72 year old finishes boston marathon after 9 hours in dead last place , doesn ' t matter her though because she ran 26 . 2 miles completing her 75th marathon .
endangered hawaiian monk seal gives birth on waikiki beach: its the first such birth on the busy beach in at least several decades , according to noaa .
two sheepdogs protected flock during british columbia wildfire bbc news
scientists say a plant forward diet could save millions of lives and avoid climate change
i left a six figure job to work with prisoners
vr chat players stop trollo g to help man who has seizure
more than 50 years after dropping out of school to serve in the vietnam war , man to receive honorary high school diploma
north carolina bill would set up online registry for convicted animal abusers
men race in a rowboat to save entangled moose
texas man hands out $100 bills to mcdonalds employees
a circus in germany is using holograms instead of animals to stop mistreatment
guests pay for homeless man to stay at luxury hotel for the night
7 year old indiana boy gets job at mcdonalds to buy christmas toys for other kids
santorini: greek government bans fat tourists from riding donkeys
scotland to pay people 20p for every returned bottle and can , as rest of uk urged to adopt recycling model
92 year old church being lifted onto new foundations in mundare , alberta , canada
united states coast guard helps canadian dog get back home
berlin ' s sprayer granny irmela mensah schramm has been erasing neo nazi graffiti for 30 years
ariana grande , justin bieber , coldplay , katy perry , usher , take that , miley cyrus and pharrell all to play manchester benefit concert
cat called hero after alerting north carolina family about carbon monoxide
police chief: mcdonald ' s worker getting $110 , 000 reward for turning in serial killer
boy leaves heartbreaking note on cuddly toy in asda after his mum couldn ' t afford to buy it for him
two mariposa dogs seek rescue for their injured owner
groundbreaking ' spinning ' wind turbine wins uk dyson award
a coimbatore bus conductor has planted 3 lakh trees using his own modest income
winter olympian john lillis will be wearing his brother mikeys ashes in a glass pendant around his neck; it ' s his way of bringing his youngest sibling to the olympics , a dream the 17 year old never got the chance to fulfill .
goshen hospital donates ultrasound machine to potowatami zoo
neo nazi and national front organiser quits movement , opens up about jewish heritage , comes out as gay
turkish mosque opens its doors to local cats
sri lanka navy rescues two elephants washed out to sea . their second elephant rescue in two weeks .
starbucks will stop handing out plastic straws by 2020
u . k . police credit teen ' s uplifting notes on bridge for helping " save six lives
' are you a muslim ? ' : the difficulties of being a vegetarian in china
large gathering in stockholm in solidarity with muslims after mosque arson
volunteers seek storage for huge volume of grenfell donations
wind whipped window washers rescued from 50 story tower
martin is home at last: 14 years on the street and finally a door to close behind him
india is now producing the worlds cheapest solar power
breast feeding lowers heart risk by 18%: study
a passerby heard a newborn crying in a storm drain . four hours later , she was rescued .
this man rescued 1 , 000 dogs from being killed at the yulin meat festival
blue planet beats strictly and x factor
cole hamels donates $10m mansion to special needs camp
lake winnipeg ice fishers reeling in ' fish of a lifetime ' thanks to 1997 flood , says veteran angler
lds church provides safe place for muslims to pray
baking soda may be just what the doctor ordered for rheumatoid arthritis
woman , 104 , arrested at care home by police to fulfil bucket list wish
meet omar kamal , palestine ' s answer to frank sinatra
missing backup dancer for beyonce , rihanna found
' proud of my girl ' : young girl helps blind , deaf man communicate on alaskan flight
world war ii fighter pilot goes to crematorium in a coffin shaped like his wwii plane
95% of the residents of the isle of man , uk want medical cannabis to be grown everywhere . is this the start of the uk warming to cannabis ? !
young justice season 3 confimed ! ! !
veteran catches final fish as dying wish:
homeless man waited in rain for hours to stop strangers 450 being stolen , is rewarded with 5000 fundraiser for all homeless people in glasgow
tasmanian devils evolving to fight off facial tumour disease , risk of extinction within next 100 years now only 21%
rescued mini donkey gives birth , public can vote on a name a starving and abandoned miniature donkey rescued from a pennsylvania farm had a little secret for animal welfare workers: she was pregnant .
story about the dog i helped rescue from a dog fighting property
pittsburgh will help pay for james conner ' s lymphoma treatment
nerve implant ' restores consciousness ' to man in persistent vegetative state | science | the guardian
canadian air traffic controllers send pizzas to u . s . counterparts working without pay
some wanted a d . c . council member to resign for his anti semitic comments . jewish leaders invited him to seders instead .
bullied for being gay , ben had some pretty awful birthdays when he was younger . today on his birthday , he ran his 258th consecutive daily marathon in aid of the fight against homophobia and bullying . he will keep running until he hits 401 .
to curb child marriage , wedding cards to print bride &amp; grooms date of birth
india ' s second most populous state imposes a ban on single use plastic
farmer uses turban to save drowning teenage girl
undaunted postman delivers letter to wexford lighthouse using map drawn on the envelope
first black woman crowned miss tennessee
after son dies in fatal car crash , dad takes late son ' s girlfriend to the prom
hong kong goes crazy for ' hero ' policeman
following funding cuts to the public defender program under missouri gov . nixon , director of public defender system uses discretionary power to appoint a case to any active member of missouri bar . chooses gov . nixon .
teddy mac , the elderly car karaoke singer with alzheimer ' s disease just signed a record deal .
muslims across france attended catholic mass in a gesture of solidarity after the murder of a priest on tuesday .
saudi arabian heir to the crown has declared war on radical clerics , he also said " we are returning to what we were before , a country of moderate islam that is open to all religions and to the world .
maremma sheepdogs guarding endangered eastern barred bandicoot back into existence
kids are practicing their reading skills to soothe shy shelter dogs
massachusetts mom convinces scientists to find potential cure for daughter ' s rare disease: ' anything is possible '
til that libraries in los angeles have done away with late fees for anyone under 21 and are instead allowing students to read away their fines in the library . this measure has been a success , with hundreds of children coming in per week to do so .
emirati man donates 100 , 000 trees for year of zayed
swiss businessman is donating $1 billion towards protecting 30% of the planet
billionaire oil mogul , david koch , dies at 79
man enlists pizza delivery driver to check on ' missing ' grandmother after hurricane
canadian city has just one handicapped kid who wants to play hockey , so twenty kids formed a sledge hockey league
woman praised for helping blind cubs fan hail cab after game
he came from michigan to thank this toronto burger joint for making his elderly dads day
tough as nails single mom trains like a beast , steps into the octagon , and shows us what real human will is all about
$100 , 000 karma for homeless man who spent his last $20 to help woman
around 500 villagers actively participated in the funeral procession of a 130 year old crocodile , setting up an example .
dog found in detroit with nose , ears , tail cut off is cleared to go to forever home
nurses throw hospital wedding for stage 4 cancer patient
college football player gives shoes to homeless man
tuskegee airman who went missing during world war ii finally identified 73 years later
chick fil a donates evening sales to 12 year old cancer patient
growing up in green spaces makes for healthy brain development
hawaiian electric companies reached 27 percent renewable portfolio in 2017
innocent man ends up pals with crooked cop that framed him
wales cuts reported violence by 42% in its capital with data sharing model
tiger count in kaziranga rises from 83 to 104 in 3 years
five eu states to take in open arms migrants , ending standoff
a surgeon is still performing hundreds of operations a year despite reaching the age of 89 .
the new research on belly button . how belly button is good for the whole body
18 karat gold necklace ' dripping in diamonds ' donated to goodwill
ikea donates stuffed animals , blankets to perryville police
4 more survivors pulled out of italy ' s avalanche hit hotel
prices of cancer drugs slashed by upto 86% in india .
secret santas: charity buys and erases past due medical debt
judge rules in favor of homemade baked goods sales
2 australians go to india to find a homeless girl photographed by their friend . and help her out !
alabama ' s republican governor just helped thousands of felons get their voting rights back
a former refugee is shaking up the $441b remittances industry
a group is building gorgeous tiny house for homeless veterans
poarch band of creek indians donates $180k to cover all tornado victims funerals
after a lonely night at the library , sting the dog finds new friends to read with
the candy man: chocolate becomes a sweet connection to the past
9 year old midlands boy saves neighbor ' s life after car falls on top of him
bill oreilly is officially out at fox news
drug overdose deaths drop in u . s . for first time since 1990
this guy responded to the cops who posted his mugshot on facebook and hilarity ensued
jersey man saves 46 lives by initiating a transplant chain that remains active to this day .
arnold schwarzenegger paid $20 , 000 to ship his old tank to the us and now uses it to help kids
mistaken identity online leads creative company to create the pants for andy campaign to , well , get andy some pants . . .
nfl player jerod cherry donated his super bowl ring to help orphans in thailand
sheriff deputy wins lottery , donates winnings to hurricane relief
best big brother ever takes his little sister with cancer to her first school dance
puerto rican couple gifted new car after relocating to wichita
germany launches world ' s first crowdfunded train service
22 year old asks that his friends no longer take him to clubs on his birthdays; opts to spend his birthdays with friends doing good for others instead
seattle dad raises more than $40 , 000 to pay student lunch debt
this young boy was caught on surveillance camera regularly running into his neighbors garage stealing hugs from their dog
u . s . unemployment fell to 3 . 6 percent , lowest since 1969
high school students show true spirit by inviting a teen with a rare genetic disorder to join their sports teams . the teen played on 3 teams throughout the year and ended up losing almost 100 lbs .
syrian refugees respond to hurricane irma by cooking feasts for displaced victims
cat reunited with owners 1 , 000km away after outback adventure in queensland
in 2011 , a man found a penguin covered with oil and nearly dead . he was able to save its life . every year since , the penguin swims 5 , 000 miles to meet and live with him in brazil .
this little girl wanted a poop themed birthday party , so her parents threw her one
israeli doctor saves 10 year old diabetic syrian girl ' s life
heart touching moment a young charity worker gives a starving two year old boy water after he was left for dead by his family because they thought he was a witch
96 year old secretary secretly grew $9m fortune , then donates to students
bull successfully fends off flamboyant man in costume trying to stab it to death for fun
taiwanese men in skirts challenge gender stereotypes
viral louisiana supermarket employee who let autistic customer stock shelves gets $100g for college .
cat lost in calif . wildfire found 102 days later
professor allows young mother to bring newborn to class .
teen has vaccinations after asking reddit
iowa firefighters relentless efforts help save cat
101 year old athlete highlights michigan senior olympics
dog walker keeps his charges active amid stormy weather
mother bursts into tears as her baby daughter hears for the first time with cochlear implant
bizarre new restaurant lets diners eat underwater and served food by scuba diver waiters
spokane grocery store owner gives surprise response to shoplifter
world war ii hero who survived pearl harbor gets a college degree
the uk ' s astonishing coal free run continues two weeks and counting . the world ' s fifth largest economy has not switched on its coal plants since 17th of may .
#heartbreaking: man recreates his wife ' s memories and adds daughter to the frame
after orlando shooting , muslim americans show support for victims
jefferson county no longer prosecuting most marijuana possession cases
his dad died in the line of duty , so sheriff ' s deputies escorted him to his first day of school .
boy raises $136 , 000 to buy bulletproof vests for police dogs in the us
22 year old accidental hero who stopped wannacry revealed !
university waves application fees for us and 7 countries effected by muslim ban . also hints at specialised scholarship program which would support students from the 7 effected counties .
shaquem griffin was born with amniotic band syndrome affecting his left hand . at age four , his mother found him in the kitchen , attempting to use a butcher ' s knife to self amputate his fingers due to the pain . he is currently breaking records at the nfl combine .
norway rewards brazil with $1 billion for keeping the amazon full of trees
manchester farmers collecting donations for flooded nebraska farmers
isis fighters ' realise cause is lost ' as numbers fall to two year low
boy with terminal cancer asks houston astros second baseman jose altuve to hit a home run and he does !
three hospitals in syria will provide a total of 15 , 000 free treatments to impoverished syrian citizens in a programme called " open hospitals . " the programme aims to reach 50 , 000 free treatments within the next two years
ri judge shows compassion for mother of murder victim
wildlife bridges and underpasses led to a dramatic decline in animal related car crashes: the five underpasses and two overpasses that cross colorado 9 south of kremmling have reduced wildlife related crashes by almost 90 percent .
singer halts concert to save girl from harassment
hundreds show up to say tearful goodbye to marine dog with cancer
red cross giving $400 immediate harvey relief to texas residents at walmart
tomb with 500 mummified animals discovered in egypt
father being treated for cancer , celebrates his daughter ' s wedding at small bedside ceremony in critical care unit
golden eagle population set to soar after 1 . 3 million funding injection
tragedy averted after ' hero ' garda and good samaritan jump into fast flowing river to rescue man
beer festival to benefit local trails
twelve year old boy sews 365 teddy bears a year for charity
fridge outside restaurant turns leftovers into free meals for the homeless
baby kamiyah kidnapped hours after birth in jacksonville , found alive 18 years later
a bored 89 year old who put an ad in a paper saying he wanted a job has been offered work at a bar and restaurant .
watch moment two " heroes " jumped into the ocean to save a girl after her wheelchair rolled off dock and threw her into the water
mennonite centre cancels awards gala to feed fort mcmurray evacuees
public school kids seem extremely excited about learning design theory from painting walls
college football player gives shoes to homeless man
its not complicated , its just trees !
a labrador mix dog that had been shot and tied to an illinois bridge with his mouth taped closed so he wouldn ' t bark was starting to show signs of recovery from a long list of injuries , a veterinarian said wednesday
high school lunch lady gifted new car from secret santa as her husband battles cancer and lupus
rescuers save 85 dogs from slaughter as meat market forced to close
ottawa muslims raise $12k for school with large syrian refugee population
holly escaped abuse; deb lost her husband . this thanksgiving , they ' ll heal together .
home run ! sikhs play ball with special needs children at miracle league
woman finds her corgi comforting grieving stranger in the airport
a true boss: walking employee down the aisle because her parents are homophobic
the twitterverse is helping this guy get a year of wendy ' s chicken nuggets
israels diverse cycling team proves biking has no borders
new jersey teen triumphs over homelessness , gets accepted into 17 colleges
up board result 2017
kenan and kel reuniting for special episode of double dare
92 yr old canadian woman meets grandson given up for adoption 45 years ago who lives in germany
this 101 year old man took his whole family skydiving and broke a record
girl , 15 , survives spending more than two weeks alone in arctic
' balloonatic ' who flew over calgary in lawn chair fined thousands calgary
americans raise $200k overnight for children of grieving army widow trump insulted
governor signs renewable energy and climate change bills into law
we adopted our daughter at age 19 , then saw her off to college shortly after . after years of abuse she is safe , she ' s beginning her life , and she has a place to call home !
dog abandoned at petrol station now works at petrol station , dog at work
scientists successfully turn breast cancer cells into fat to stop them from spreading
donald trump let a family use his plane to fly a dying 3 year old boy from california to new york after commercial airliners refused to . he needed a portable oxygen tank and other supplies the airlines couldn ' t provide .
climate pollutants fall below 1990 levels for first time in california
eight year old girl rescues baby brother from a marauding kidnapper
eastern montana communities hit hard by wildfires receive massive influx of donations
elderly us man raises more than $500k selling recyclables to help local children ' s home
photo of elderly street vendor leads to $160 , 000 in donations: i will be able to rest
educator reveals truth about kids these days: they ' re fine
michigan natural gas customers help avert a natural gas crisis during cold snap
liam gallagher will donate manchester show profits to bombing victims
lowe ' s hires a man who requires a service dog , makes a custom vest for the dog
final rescue mission in thai cave underway
volunteers from al imdaad foundation gave out chocolate gifts in bolton to mark muslim festival of eid
why this west virginia police department just added 11 grandmothers to the force
great pacific garbage patch: giant plastic trap put to sea again
[deleted by user]
dad with cleft lip adopts baby just like him
burger king gives free cheeseburgers for life to terminally ill dog
salt water resistant rice can boost harvest by nearly 20 per cent
yoga teacher amanda eller , rescued after going missing for 16 days , ate nothing but wild berries , ' i chose life ' : ) : ) : )
world ' s oldest barber , still masterfully cutting hair at 107 , shares secrets for longevity
those 3% of scientific papers that deny climate change ? a review found them all flawed
man proposed to his fiancees sister , too , for a really special reason
in a landmark victory for africa ' s lgbtqi+ activists , botswana ' s high court has decriminalized homesexuality , overturning a colonial era law .
u . s . malaria donations saved almost 2 million african children
one of the world ' s most endangered whale species is experiencing a mini baby boom off the us coast
virginia beach woman chartered plane to rescue 300 animals as hurricane maria bore down on caribbean
world of escapes
scientists speed up muscle repair , which could fight muscular dystrophy
strangers save 4 year old australian boys birthday party after everyone cancels
ottawa nurse using art to help children with brain tumours
unemployment rate falls to 49 year low
stanfords medical miracle goes home
montreal nurse makes tiny superman capes for intensive care babies
vincent kompany to donate season of pay to helping the homeless
15 year old syrian refugee finds first summer job in canada
an amazing tale of a runner &amp; human being .
portlands sweet cakes by melissa , which refused to bake for lesbian wedding , closes
dog with cancer in ohio gets free cheeseburgers from burger king for remainder of life
video captures emergency responders saving choking puppy
widow of world war ii veteran needed help with her flagpole , the fire department came to the rescue
pueblo commits to 100 percent renewable energy | pueblo city council set a goal this week to become fully powered by renewable energy by 2035 , joining two other colorado cities with similar commitments .
squirrel with easter egg stuck on its head rescued from tree by kansas firefighters
boy dials 911 to invite police officers to thanksgiving dinner
dickens museum buys lost portrait 133 years after it went missing
these drones can plant 100 , 000 trees a day .
tampa bay goalie ben bishop surprises fan with signed stick at away game
bottled water company launches campaign to locate missing children
a radical us startup has successfully fired up its zero emissions fossil fuel power plant
crescent park resident creates a greater sense of neighborhood by sharing her yard
ottawa passes legislation that bans whale and dolphin captivity in canada
pakistan govt . removes a minister from the position amid criticism over derogatory remarks against hindus
world cup 2018: gareth southgate ' s compassion praised
world of warcraft: community created " running of the gnomes " charity event officially being backed by blizzard
retired marine stands guard at his friend ' s funeral
ice road trucker crashes intentionally to save family of five
instead of launching a missile , north korea throws a party
manslaughter charges dropped against alabama woman who lost her child after being shot
boy , 8 , rescued from frozen utah pond is awake , doing well
on the front lines of war , his imagination was his escape . today , it ' s a fantasy novel .
we may finally know what causes alzheimers and how to stop it
canada ' s first ' dementia village ' set to open in 2019
mother of three with leukemia finds stem cell donor thanks to almost 2000 people showing up to local testing event [report in german]
young terminal cancer patient becca tells us what to do: be kind to someone . aims to create massive acts of kindness .
dog wearing life jacket rescued after going missing in gulf
new zealand ' wellbeing ' budget promises billions to care for most vulnerable | world news
phoenix man bit by rattlesnake while saving dog ' s life
beloved family cat freddie returned to auckland family 18 months after going missing
two decades of fighting a voice to overcome stuttering
louisville teacher invites students to be part of her big day
all three tampa bay sports teams join to remove confederate monument from city courthouse
greece budget surplus exceeded government targets
columbia engineers translate brain signals directly into speech
watch: marine ' s son , 4 , bursts into tears , hugs new stepmom at upstate ny wedding
man fulfills offer to send a free tennis ball to strangers on anniversary of his dog ' s death . hopes to encourage people to spend time with their dogs .
kid who great up in my area , who has been working hard on music his entire life finally got some recognition from vice . crazy what you accomplish when you dedicate time and make true sacrifices .
roger ailes: fox news founder dies at 77
indian rock python injured by lawn mower slithers to life after surgery in kerala .
heroic story of 3 legged canine used to promote guide dogs: a guide dog association is rekindling and spreading the story of serve , a german shepherd who sacrificed her left foreleg to protect her master from an oncoming truck .
soldier returning home early from deployment orchestrates a huge surprise for his mom
nursing mother smashes ultra marathon course record in 268 mile , 83 hour race
friends surprise woman with parade on her final day of chemo
high school journalists investigate a new principal ' s credentials , discovering questionable legitimacy that leads to her resignation .
acting attorney general fired by trump is now nominated for a courage award
mcdonald ' s oldest employee is 92 &amp; she has no plans to retire demotyvacijos
homeless woman given new shoes by kind good samaritan who saw her walking barefoot
italy earthquake: golden retriever pulled from debris 10 days after disaster in amatrice
amazon to raise wages for all employees to $15/hour , effective nov . 1st
retired carpenter gets to visit paris , thanks to eiffel tower model and local newspaper reader
philadelphia ' s saint of the streets: she helped philadelphia become one of the most effective cities in dealing with homelessness
officer lets kids say goodbye to navy dad over pa system
spokane boy sells lemonade to raise money to buy puppy , ends up with $1 , 500
orlando hospital says it wont bill survivors of shooting at pulse nightclub
bharti family pledges $1 billion usd towards philanthropy in north india .
india added more energy capacity from renewables than coal and hydro power last year , added around 11 , 788 megawatts from renewables only
missing 3 year old casey lynn hathaway found alive
' mama bear instinct ' : mom credited for helping foil potential school shootings
infant deaths fall sharply in africa with routine antibiotics
uplifting news in review 6/11 6/18 2017 .
gryffindogs or hufflefluff: animal shelter sorts dogs into hogwarts houses
india outlaws archaic law that let muslim men divorce their wives by uttering " talaq " ( divorce ) three times .
hikers dig deep to save dog from abandoned mine
an eight year old boy from california took a 12 hour detour to meet his scientist hero in the uk
alongside 174 nations and holding his granddaughter , john kerry signs the paris climate accord which aims to slow the rise of harmful greenhouse gases . a day for our children and grandchildren and all generations to come
how to be lazy , and save the world
delawares new ag says her office wont prosecute possession of up to six ounces of pot .
starbucks to open sign language store in us
she ' ll go far: baby girl born on plane is given 1m air miles
bank of america to stop financing operators of private prisons , detention centers
bill murray playing a dog in wes andersons next film
how canada became an education superpower
personal trainer wins battle with cancer
not a fluke 2nd patient cancer free after 12 months from single treatment
most of you know rainn wilson as dwight schrute from the office . here ' s the other side of him that gives so many damns !
boy with autism ' s plea for help finding dog gets hundreds involve
witty response to slave ' s old master after being freed
woman gets outfit shamed by man on tinder , so asos makes her the model of said dress
helena , mt elects liberian refugee wilmot collins over 16 year incumbent
slave descendant unites with plantation owner descendant , " robert is a descendant of people who owned my family . he didnt own anybody . i am a descendant of slaves of that his family owned . i have never been a slave . this is about history . this is about family .
an ex homeless man in sarasota , through hard work and dedication , is now employee of the year . his hard work has earned him two promotions . he is now engaged and closing on a home in the area .
tommy hilfiger partners with non profit to create clothing line for kids with disabilities
viewer donates bike to woman with disability after bike theft
how a young indian turned his life around through poker
the cat who was trapped and terrified on the field during a miami marlins baseball game has a new home
jimmy carter says ' brain cancer has gone '
india declares freedom of sexual orientation a fundamental right
lonnie johnson: the nasa engineer who invented the super soaker and spent the profits building a science adaemy
chihuahua race raises money to save dogs from high kill shelters
dog repeatedly saves diabetic high schoolers life and gets his own headshot in the yearbook !
tiniest organ donor is saving other babies ' lives
spring festival joy for hero who saved his neighbors after a fire
so happy they all made it out
first ' retirement home ' for showbiz beluga whales
chicago state university awards diplomas to grandmother , granddaughter during same ceremony
colombia ' s government , rebels sign modified peace agreement
atlantic canada has an enviable problem: it ' s youth jail ' s are emptying out
millennials are causing the u . s . divorce rate to plummet
a new jersey man with disabilities nearly lost his home . neighbors raised more than $50 , 000 in a week so he could keep it .
' hes an inspiration: ' blind pianist brings music to edmonton hospital
chase bank forgiving all debt owed by its canadian credit card customers
cards against humanity scholarship seeks to send women in stem to college " giving one woman studying science , technology , engineering , or math up to four years tuition money
first penis transplant in u . s . performed in boston
hero revived seven week old son after he turned blue in his car seat independent . ie
in n out burger matches donations to fight human sex trafficking 3 to 1 . i donated $20
yazidi boy reunited with mom in winnipeg after 2014 capture in iraq
beverly ' s birthday is a wholesome organizaion that provides a birthday to those in foster care and state services . amazing organization lifting up all those who are not deserving of their situation . spread the good word about this one !
94 year old retired judge , lonely after losing his wife of 66 years , built a pool for the neighborhood kids to play in
little girl ' s dream of pink walker comes true as family continues to fundraise for surgery
u . s . world war ii vet returns japanese flag to the fallen soldier ' s family
to reduce smoking japanese company offers extra days off to workers who dont smoke
teacher tells class not to buy her christmas gifts but to donate to charity instead , as a lesson on " giving and kindness
charlotte boy gives police officers " free hugs " after violent protests
officer adopts victim of child abuse
indias timekeeper says country need two time zones
a puppy was succesfully rescued from a well ( by robotics team of an university ) after 12 days of work in istanbul
record numbers of blue throated macaws spotted
federal health agencies acknowledge therapeutic potential of psychedelics
man rescues baby from montecito mudslide debris
fashion designer with down syndrome heading to hollywood gift lounge
downs ' supermodel ' chloe wins film role and fulfils fashion dream the girl who won hearts with her " wear odd socks for down ' s syndrome " video has landed her first film role .
nfl running back isaiah crowell donates first game check ( $35 , 300 ) to the dallas fallen officer foundation
students donate class trip money to boy who lost mother to cancer
deaf catcher chases major league dream ( x post /r/baseball )
mexico plane crash: all 103 people on board survive
71 dogs rescued from south korean meat farm and will be up for adoption
trump legalized industrial hemp
rare butterfly makes a comeback after 30 years
bali bans single use plastics
cat survives full cycle washing machine
lost species observed in california :wolverine
high schooler gives rose to every girl for valentine ' s day
trans girl triumphs over competition in high school track meet
sudanese refugees freed by us congressman find new life in us
this female idf soldier fought off 23 terrorists in surprise attack
watch as a girl with cerebral palsy dances for first time
ellen degeneres surprises dps school with largest donation in school ' s history
pornhub launches dirtiest porn ever campaign to clean up the world ' s beaches
canadian teens push womans car 4 miles to take her home when she couldnt afford a tow
a grand plan to clean the great pacific garbage patch
young afghan amputees joy at dancing on new leg
this school replaced tuition with plastic waste and the town was transformed
after chance encounter , georgia preschooler befriends grieving widower , lifts his spirits
army vet uses sharpshooting skills to save trapped bald eagle
local muslim youth group donates water and volunteers to help during flint michigan water crisis
49 year old woman gets high school diploma after life of drugs , gang life and prostitution
california hospital give kids mini cars to drive into surgery to ease fear and anxiety
a man sails up and down sulawesi ' s coast in order to bring books to children
missing ohio man found alive after 5 days near mount st . helens
study of ancient japanese hunter gatherers suggests warfare not inherent in human nature
university of texas graduate ' s car breaks down on the way to his commencement ceremony . two police officers take him to the ceremony with minutes to spare .
after weinstein: a list of men accused of sexual misconduct and the fallout for each
fund set up for boy losing his sight so he can see his dreams
ohio woman ' s photo showing teens ' acts of kindness goes viral
one armed little leaguer blasts inside the park home run
man on crowded subway shares inspiring ' luke cage ' brag
laundromats introduce story hours for children in a collaboration among librarians , early literacy groups , and laundromat owners . early results show strong benefits for kids .
mich . teenager to give away most of $500 , 000 lottery win
to address humanitarian crisis in nigeria , niger , cameroon and chad caused by the boko haram insurgency , australia has allocated $3m to help fight hunger in the region
elementary school bus driver crochets toys for every kid on her route
medics use video to help parents of neo natal babies bbc news
russia gives france new k 9 after french police dog died in paris terror raid
double amputee , family receive new home
new lab bred super corals could help avert global reef wipeout: pioneering research on cross species coral hybrids , inoculations with protective bacteria and even genetic engineering could provide a lifeline for the rainforests of the oceans .
strangers help man who lost beloved movie collection , home to wildfire
524 dogs &amp; cats attended a massive adoption event and they all found homes !
holmen senior spends nearly $500 to buy valentines roses for every girl in his school , staff included !
' it ' s never too late ' : new orleans mayor apologizes for 1891 mass lynching of italian americans
sa ' fyre receives 190 , 000 cards in one day ! here what she has to say
american muslims raise money to repair vandalized jewish cemetery
this is pretty huge
10 year old swimmer breaks a michael phelps record ( how great is this ?
heart bus: million dollar mystery donation revives dream for better australia bush health
haunted house owner donates every dollar to charity in honor of late brother
' secret santa ' pays off lunch balances for kids at pa . elementary school
mail carrier saves a man and his dog
people in ethiopia are calling strangers in eritrea as phone lines are opened after 20 years
4 year old boy feeds the homeless across the country
girl surprised with " costume " wheelchair at rose city comic con
student rescues cheerleader whose military dad couldn ' t attend performance
homeowner discovers message under wallpaper
japan ' s princess ayako surrenders her royal status as she marries for love
university of michigan athletic director donating half his salary to the university ' s depression center
best buy employees surprise teen who visited store every day to play smash bros .
phoenix elementary teacher adopts her student
when hunters come to rescue prey
' a travel ban for a pug ? i don ' t think so ! ' how an abused puppy made the trip from iran to america
a supermarket in thailand garnered attention from the netizens around the world for the implementation of its store policy which replaces plastic packaging in all of its produce with banana leaf wrappings .
cleared after stabbing , former uw student wants his life back | the seattle times
girl gives away hot meals to the homeless to celebrate her 6th birthday &lt;3
arbor day foundation to plant 100 million trees by 2022
plastic eating caterpillars could save the planet
more than 200 quebec doctors oppose proposed pay raise for themselves: they want the provincial government to backtrack on plans for pay hikes , saying other employees in the health care industry such as nurses are continuing to work under tough conditions .
roger ailes dead at 77
garth brooks stopped his concert to sign a guitar for a woman ' s newly cancer free son
24 hours of maths
portland will start housing the homeless in tiny pods in people ' s backyards
jimmy carter shakes hand with every passenger abroad his flight to dc
cleveland browns player takes teen with special needs to her senior prom
cobleskill , ny police " ticket " children for doing the right thing
centre puts tigers before diamonds , says no to 3 . 3 million dollar mining project
i sang opera while surgeons removed my brain tumour
kitten wanders onto college baseball diamond , and gets a new home
dog finally adopted after more than 1 , 000 days at valley animal center
combat soldier reunited with hero dog
scotland produces record amount of energy from renewables as green schemes generate two thirds of electricity: nation beats rest of uk with 68 . 1 per cent of energy needs met without fossil fuels .
karlheinz bohms foundation people for people providing sustained aid to self development in ethiopia for over 35 years
uk government pardons thousands of gay and bisexual men posthumously of decade old charges .
its still too low , but the percentage of russians supporting lgbt rights has hit a 14 year high
worlds ugliest woman who fights bulling with forgiveness
house committee unanimously approves bill to let daca recipients become nurses
toddler inspires the world with her doll choice
family becomes the " saving grace " to abused horses
piston ' s coach adopts dog overlooked in shelter with special needs
high school robotics team builds stylin ride for 2 year old who cant walk
sheriff: toddler ' s dog stayed with him the entire time he was missing
how to get $29 million for classroom projects ? just ask
man ' s act of kindness on plane goes viral after grateful mom posts about him
pope ' s aide suggest helping refugee ' s during visit to greece , pope francis takes 3 muslim families back to the vatican with him saying , " ( religion ) was not grounds for exemption . all refugees are children of god .
india just cancelled 14 huge coal fired power stations as solar energy prices hit record low
yisrael kristal , oldest man in the world , prepares to celebrate bar mitzvah he missed as a boy
san diego builds elaborate tent facility for homeless
u . s . citizens are sending scoops of dirt to a university lab to find cures for cancer .
co workers buy car for single father who had been walking 11 miles to work every day for seven months
the fbi says animal abuse is now a felony , this is great news that will brighten your day
thousands donate enough to transport rescued circus lions to new home in south africa
cleaner mocked for looking at gold chains showered with gifts after online campaign
anonymous donor pays $2 . 5 million to release everyone arrested at the dakota access pipeline
the dallas police strike back with incredible $550 million lawsuit against black lives matter
rescue dog returns the favor and alerts sleeping owner to fire
happy ending for german born girl deported to nepal: the deportation of a 15 year old german born girl to nepal earlier this year caused an uproar . now the girl and her parents have received visas to return to germany after her classmates and local officials intervened .
uks largest coffee retailer , costa coffee , committed to recycling half billion coffee cups a year by 2020 in landmark act to tackle plastic waste . . . amounts to recycling same volume of cups it puts onto market . . . take significant chunk out of 2 . 5 billion takeaway cups thrown away across country .
dog missing in the sierra nevadas returns home .
could one israeli technology solve world hunger ?
bride asks 92 year old marine veteran to be her ' something blue '
5 states could legalize the sale and use of recreational marijuana this november . four of these are polling in favor of doing so massachusetts , california , nevada , and maine .
once polluted and reviled , the chicago river bounces back
martin shrkeli arrested for securities fraud
games done quick " event has raised over $130 , 000 for cancer charity in first 12 hours
costa rica to completely ban polystyrene due to environmental impact
a really awesome about my navy seal uncle ! such a humble person !
california approves prop 12 banishing cages for egg laying hens
girl calls police to check for monsters in new home
wildflowers , dormant for years , bloom across california
injured sea turtle ' s shell gap filled with 3d printed brace
the godolphin connection: sheikh saves cornish community centre
concerned about veteran with ptsd , judge orders him to jail and serves the time with him
first child to undergo double hand transplant can now swing a baseball bat
kate spade brand donates $1 million to mental health organizations
cleveland cavaliers donate $875 , 000 to habitat for humanity
' icu grandpa ' snuggles newborns when their parents can ' t be in the hospital
world first as living hiv patient donates kidney in us
martin shkreli has been convicted of securities fraud and now faces years in prison
edward snowdens new research aims to keep smartphones from betraying their owners
six members of the ucla army rotc staff helped rescue trapped motorists in a fiery crash on the 405 freeway in los angeles
' holy crap , it is me ' : woman surprised by photo of herself at a rock concert taken 40 years ago
renewable energy to power thousands of uk churches
a former boxer punched a black bear twice and walked away . because canada .
local couple married 82 years: ' just be nice to each other '
bobby flay surprise selfless man who barbecues for people in need
youtube prankster accidentally reunites homeless woman with her family .
achmad zulkarnain: meet this amazing photographer without hands and legs
on the cubs coattails , the irish rugby team has finally defeated new zealand after 111 years and they did it in chicago
texas breweries are helping austin coffee shops with boil water notice
huge helium discovery ' a life saving find ' a new approach to gas exploration has discovered a huge helium gas field , which could address the increasingly critical shortage of this vital yet rare element .
twitter ceo says mark zuckerberg once killed goat with stun gun
cher donated 180 , 000 bottles of water to flint , michigan . because shes cher , bitch !
entire courtroom dresses as disney characters for 5 year old girls adoption hearing
trophy hunter gets eaten by crocodiles while on a hunt
cancer fundraiser , 13 , youngest honours recipient bbc news
teacher who donated most of his salary to the poor wins $1 million global prize
woman bee friends wingless bumblebee .
a groom jumped into a pond during his wedding photo shoot to save a boy from drowning
mcdonalds happy meals now come with roald dahl books instead of toys in new zealand
bride surprises wedding ceremony by including stepson and his mom in her vows
siri saves sick girl from harvey floodwaters
starbucks promises 100% pay equality for women and minorities
assemblywoman ari espinal adopts a disabled someone twice her age
rapper lil flip visits a victum of bullying .
blind , sick , elderly dog spends his first christmas in a loving home
anti vaxx parents in germany to face 2 , 500 fines if children do not have measles jab
hero firefighters save trapped boy stuck in tiny gap between two walls
for foster kids , families and traditions can be a difficult concept . one set of foster parents starts a tradition that makes memories that last a lifetime
jeopardy ! to donate late contestant earnings to cancer research
australian ' egg boy ' donates $69 , 000 to families of new zealand shooting victims
pastor talks down gunman during sermon about violence
homeless mother wins battle to get her kids in school
nearly blind runner competes in boston marathon with help of digital eyes
indian businessman gifted 90 houses to the homeless on his daughters wedding
meet jaclyn corin , the parkland teenager masterminding mfol ' s midterms push
tangled whale came to waterfront looking for help , rescuer says " he . . . was as gentle as a kitten . it was just like it came there for help . it calmed right down . we just kept petting it . it seemed to know what we were doing .
stranger gives 2 year old lifesaving kidney after seeing his story on facebook
about 60 people receive free motorized wheelchairs in norwich
former army ranger and current pittsburgh steeler alejandro villanueva gives up seat on overbooked flight , refuses compensation
california becomes first state to ban sales from puppy mills
indias rhino population has grown up more than 35 times in 100 years
hot , nice guy alert ! my heart just melted .
senators introduce bill to end federal medical marijuana prohibition
italy passes law to send unsold food to charities instead of dumpsters
98 year old lady laughed as she turned tables on mobility scooter fraudster
8 month old baby found alive in storm drain after being thrown 30ft from car crash
researchers identify antibody that neutralizes 98% of hiv strains 0
14 year old saves man and son from drowning in northern saskatchewan
hero dog that stayed behind with family goats during tubbs fire found safe
what is swedish death cleaning and why should we all do it ?
group matches ptsd vets with service dogs
a new york city funeral home is picking up the costs for services for a 17 year old killed in a hit run . the funeral home ' s owner went to the student ' s high school , 46 years ago , and said he ' s " just trying to do the right thing .
la jolla billionaire denny sanford donates $30 million for college scholarships
a young cow is safe at last after fleeing captivity by escaping into the woods of upstate new york and surviving for nearly a year by joining up with a family of deer
rescued bald eagle recovering at audubon center
miracle baby celebrates 16th birthday by reuniting with doctors who saved her life
daycare owner tells heroic story of encounter with abduction suspect
meet india ' s visually impaired perfumers
facebook brings two families together to save a little boys life
invention helps parkinson ' s sufferer to write again
video: toddler found running down busy highway is saved by police officer
how one man risked his life to save michigan trooper
' machete ' to the rescue: actor danny trejo helps save child trapped in overturned car in los angeles
dog abandoned over his looks now has multiple adoption offers
' we dug down and found a little baby . ' man describes rescuing infant from california mudslides . the baby was buried about 4 feet deep and tangled in roots , he said .
bald eagle rescued after getting stuck in cars grille
happy birthday to eddie , the internets favorite slam dunking , ultra geriatric sea otter old eddies still got it .
international operation reveals 500 marine pollution crimes
remember the kids who were playing basketball too loudly and the cop joining in after the complaint ? not only did the police come back the next day with back up , they brought shaquille oneal too
margaret hamilton , the woman who put the man on the moon was awarded a medal of freedom today
5yo boy survives freezing wolf infested taiga safeguarded by 2 dogs rt news
david ortiz follows through on promise to hit home run for sick boy
people are being held responsible for their actions that hurt other peoples lives .
little caesars founder quietly paid for rosa parks detroit apartment for more than a decade
help on wheels: ohio couples carts help disabled dogs stay mobile
800 , 000 low income uk homes to benefit from free solar panels
dorothy ' s last ride dorothy ' s son william took his mother on one final ride to celebrate her life and the independence transit afforded her .
lost ring turns up on valentines day , 51 years after it was lost
french bakery to be handed over to homeless man who saved bakers life .
arma 3 developer donates $176 , 000 to international committee of the red cross
a mother duck returns home to shelter after 4 years . . .
florida couple finds a real message in a bottle that traveled more than 4 , 000 miles in 30 years
dog stolen from front yard reunited with family
video: abused baby orangutan budi now on the road to recovery and making new friends
family who lost dog during fire evacuation returns to leveled home , perfectly safe dog
north dakota woman donates 3 , 100 pounds of vegetables to families in need
10 year old gets the best christmas present , the gift of life
stray mongrel beats pedigrees to become elite indian sniffer dog
chile creates five national parks over 10m acres in historic act of conservation
a monastery adopted a street dog and now enjoys the life as a monk
jeremy , the lonely , left twisting snail , dies but knows love before the end
chicago police buy and install pool for 6 year old shooting victim
a major chemical company is building roads made of recycled plastic . they ' ve already stopped 220 , 000 pounds of waste from ending up in landfills .
ukraine seeks ways to recall its jewish heritage cities , towns erect memorials , plan events to commemorate once thriving community , wiped out in wwii holocaust
apple cofounder steve wozniak says most people should ' figure out a way to get off facebook '
yukon men celebrated for saving neighbors home from fire
man rescued two dogs abandoned in the middle of the desert now they ' re travelling the world together
a year after is group ' s defeat , iraqi girls take up swimming in mosul
strangers rally to help a homeless man and his dog
little girl overcomes rare genetic disease to walk and talk
boy battling brain cancer sworn in as ithaca police officer
kayak co founder paul english cashed out for $2 billion . now he is a uber driver . says " its just a nice way to meet people .
50 dogs saved from korean meat farm are recovering quickly in montreal shelter
she thought shed die on an icy road . strangers at a nearby church saved her .
san francisco becomes the first metropolitan area in the us to offer free college tuition for all its residents .
after protests , puppy shop owner turns to rescue dogs
teens collect thousands of dollars in donations for women ' s center
sci hub: russian neuroscientist running ' pirate bay for scientists ' with 48 million free academic papers
beer deliverymen talk man out of jumping off minnesota bridge by offering him a 12 pack of coors light
we ' hire all of god ' s children ' : restaurant posts sign after complaint about special needs employees
true love . guy shares 25th anniversary with wife the same way he proposed on a billboard
the research on major depression !
family dog emerges alive and happy from california wildfire aftermath
mosque shot at by neighbor to recommend no prison time
muslim americans raise $75 , 000 for san bernardino shooting victims
scientists fertilize eggs from the last two northern white rhinos
homeless man turns his shelter into christmas grotto to ' make people happy '
japanese idol holds memorial concert for a fan who died alone
new law lets pennsylvania foster kids attend college tuition free
lipstick and mixed dancing at first raqqa wedding since isis
8 year old little girl rescued from rubble of a collapsed building due to italy ' s earthquake
an orchestrated civil war 2 can be avoided
a filipino man sponsored by george hw bush as a boy has described how letters from the former us president helped him to become " successful and happy
in france , clothes are being hung up in the street for the homeless to take: an organisation in paris has come up with an original way of getting people to donate warm clothes to the homeless: by asking them to simply hang them up in the street .
legendary roger federer spends whopping $13 . 5m to open 81 schools in africa
new zealands largest online auction site trade me , bans sale of purebred , crossbred pugs , british bulldogs , french bulldogs
people are donating millions of frequent flyer miles to help reunite separated migrant families
widowed dad whose photo tribute to wife went viral finds love again
malala ' s father opens up about how different family life is in the uk from pakistan and says he ' s taken his daughter bowling and to mini golf for the first time | daily mail online
northern ireland woman finds graham short 5 note worth 50k and donates it to charity to ' help young people '
kurt coleman ' s unbreakable bond with the teammate he paralyzed
woman who is paralyzed hikes appalachian trail alone
family whose dogs were poisoned by a neighbor helps other animals by opening a non profit rescue in their honor
wheelchair bound student plays football
huge helium deposit found in africa party on !
11 , 000 kg garbage , four dead bodies removed from mt everest in two month long cleanliness drive
' gilligan ' s island crew ' of puppies rescued from uninhabited northern manitoba island
70 year old woman runs 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
a depression drug that ' s been called ' the most important discovery in half a century ' just got a big step closer to fda approval
hotel rooms donated for homeless on chicagos coldest night
xpost amazon uses employee doggy pics to make their error 404 pages cuter
nepal ' s 68 year old student
this is inclusion . this is community . this is love ! " an entire school cheered as an 8 year old girl with down syndrome returned from special olympics .
the 1 , 000th california condor chick in a decadeslong restoration program has hatched at zion national park
colombian vet student helps a fainted horse used to transport debris . ( source in spanish )
natty light is donating $10 million to offset ' crippling ' student loan debt , and it reveals a dark reality about america . in 2018 , the beer brand donated $1 million to 25 people to help them pay off their debt .
' heroin heroine ' saves lives from her living room
don ' t know how to save the planet ? this is what you can do
blind mma champion trains blind people to defend themselves and be confident despite their disability
making a murderer ' s brendan dassey conviction overturned
u . s . gdp grows at 2 . 6% pace as business spending accelerates
this woman has been on a three year road trip documenting acts of kindness
an unemployed new jersey man who won last friday ' s $273 million mega millions jackpot said he wants to reward the mystery person who returned the tickets to a store where he ' d left them a day earlier .
a record 800 , 000 people registered to vote on national voter registration day
australian vets to perform world first surgery on borneo bear
social bite receives donations to provide 27 , 000 christmas meals to homeless people .
studies show a ten minute conversation can drastically reduce prejudice equivalent to 14 years of social change
man buys giant octopus at fish market to set it free
man lost for 30 years rediscovers his identity , and is reunited with his family
missing dog reunited with family after canal rescue
why wear a prosthetic when you could become a superhero instead ?
france starts work on revolutionary ' alzheimer ' s village ' where patients roam almost free
bagpipes the penguin gets 3d printed happy feet
' miracle ' rescue after man found alive in van hanging from genoa bridge wreckage
' all 3 of us unanimously felt compassion ' : first responders pay for homeless , disabled woman ' s hotel to get her out of the rain
a deal hayden couldn ' t refuse: cheap housing in exchange for study
foundation announces $1 million in seed capital for veteran entrepreneurs
teenager collects , donates shoes to homeless for thanksgiving
hong kongs leader , yielding to protests , suspends extradition bill .
couple donates 2 , 200 books to hospital ' s neonatal icu
after thousands of dollars , hundreds of hours and 40 , 000 pounds of gravel , utah man completes his own fully functioning railroad in his backyard .
this 13 year old kyrgyz girl supports her whole family
an israeli takes syrian refugees to play in the snow for the first time
women burn burqas , men cut beards as syrian town celebrates is ouster
seattle judges throw out 15 years of marijuana convictions
disney offers to pay tuition for 80 , 000 hourly workers
woman wakes after 27 years unconscious
alpine residents rescue elk from icy waters
muslim aid charity makes world ' s largest samosa for homeless
a council is to offer free sanitary products in all its public buildings in a bid to tackle " period poverty " .
one man replanted a 300 acre forest in india over 18 years it is rich in flora and fauna , with varieties of trees , shrubs and medicinal plants getting a new home on the hilltops . around 250 species of plants and around 25 species of bamboo grow here .
new york just banned cat declawing . it ' s the first state to outlaw the procedure
82 year old youtuber know as the " skyrim grandma " will be added as an npc in the upcoming game the elder scrolls 6
i am requesting people to help daughter of my friend .
' i won today ' : brooklyn teen paralyzed by stray bullet gives empowering speech
gangs of lads on bikes in liverpool are . . . just out for a bike ride
dog waited weeks for owners at home burned in camp fire
woman stranded in car buried in snow for 3 days rescued
dog with failing kidneys receives miracle organ donation from one of her puppies
man offers to sell his car to save his dogs life before community comes to the rescue
chip and joanna gaines surprise kids battling cancer with st . jude makeover
how futuristic was the chanakya of indian music industry gulshan kumar , explained by his son bhushan kumar
china just built a 250 acre solar farm shaped like a giant panda
saudi arabia ' s king salman decides to allow women to drive , official says
bay roberts traffic stops turn into flat screen tvs for some good drivers
this 10 year old maryland girl who was born without hands just won a national handwriting competition
young fan meets wonderwoman ( gal gadot ) for the first time
tattoo artists are fundraising for victims and families of the manchester terror attack by tattooing worker bee symbols
troy police department picks police cat
no children killed in traffic in norway ( 2015 )
subaru to host animal shelter supply drives through the month of october
350+ independent coffee bars across the country join forces to raise funds for aclu
female worker hailed a hero for saving 900 people in south australia factory blaze
filling the church with song for over 80 years | wisconsin life
this weeks old kitten was found frozen in the snow but this family gave it one last shot at life
gorilla saves the life of three year old boy
brothers rescue bald eagle , then snap selfie with it
' a christmas miracle ' : 5 frozen puppies rescued and revived by christmas day
this sister act brings serenity to circus life seventy year old catholic nun sister dorothy fabritze has made the circus her mission . she has spent 18 years in the churchs circus ministry , and for her , its a second calling .
kim pledges to work toward complete denuclearization in korea
royal caribbean ship rescues sailors stranded at sea for 20 days
one mans millions turn a community in florida around
after racist review , community stands up for pakistani diner
woman posts online about a hard working man she knows who walks 16 miles/day and works two jobs . post goes viral and local car dealership gives him a car
india opens a hospital for elephants
' force blue , ' founded by us special forces veterans , allows veterans a renewed purpose through scuba diving missions to protect coral reefs
hampden woman helping the homeless through grassroots group
dog takes a 4 mile walk into town every day just to visit neighbors
indonesia ' s " smoking baby " quit the habit age 4
business donates equipment to new carlisle firefighters
ohio policeman helps girl , 10 , with maths homework bbc news
vietnamese cabbie returns $1 , 600 to korean tourist
vietnam vet with dementia reassured ' your duty is done '
thanks to women , india is on its way to beat all voting records
uk wind electricity cheaper than nuclear
new immunotherapy technique can specifically target tumor cells , uci study reports " . " | uci news " .
a graphic designer refused to photoshop this womans pic
bruno mars donates $1m to flint water crisis relief effort
after george michael ' s death , stories emerge of his quiet generosity
rottweiler owner attacked , dog comes to her rescue
inspirational: detroit gunshot victim saved by doctor , then graduates and becomes one !
how a reddit forum has become a lifeline to opioid addicts in the us
' grime fighters ' dress as superheroes , clean windows of missouri children ' s hospital
at 16 , he will be the youngest graduate in the history of this florida university . ' i want to use my passion to help people . '
deep sea ghost shark filmed alive in ocean for first time
good samaritan catches falling teenager from mall escalator
montreal residents come together to financially support middle eastern restaurant after it is vandalized by molotov cocktail
seaworld: current orcas at parks will be last
two friends put up hundreds of signs across their town asking ' if you were given one year to live , how would you live it ? ' to promote a documentary about their best friends last year battling cancer .
as paperwork goes missing , private student loan debts may be wiped away
armless table tennis ' legend ' plays using his mouth
25 uplifting quotes to brighten your day when life gets tough
proud
president obama signs bill ending victory tax on olympic athletes
mom helps kyle whittingham surprise utah walk on with scholarship
[deleted by user]
mom fighting leukemia gives birth to twins after finding perfect bone marrow match , thanks to viral video
six year old hailed as hero for rescuing her sister from their family car after it plunged into an icy river
unique park opens up in new mexico
homeless man jumps for joy after being offered a job
national suicide prevention hotline is getting its own 3 digit number in the us ( 988 ) a quick &amp; easy number to remember for help like 911 .
turkey attack: american survivor jake raak played dead , stayed silent
india unveils $2 . 5 billion plan to electrify all households by end 2018
microsoft will require suppliers to offer paid parental leave in a move that could prompt more companies to offer paid parental leave , microsoft is announcing today that it will require all of its u . s . based suppliers and vendors with more than 50 employees to offer such benefits .
colorado homeless man plans to buy a home with $500 , 000 lottery win
nasa: hole in earth ' s ozone layer finally closing up because humans did something about it
brigham young university implements amnesty clause for victims of sexual assault
police officers in maryland refuse to shoot hostage taker literally begging to be killed .
[giveaway] hey ! we ' re closing our online jewelry store ( seabluejewelry ) , we don ' t have much stock left , but we put everything that is left for free ( just cover $3 $5 shipping cost ) , enjoy ! : )
kentucky reports drop in drug overdose deaths in 2018
tiny island of ulva passes into hands of local community the little island passed out of private ownership and into the hands of the local community .
uncle who suffered serious burns after rushing into burning home to save niece says he would do it again even if it means dying
missing service dog reunited with family on camera
indian state bans plastic ! other states to gradually follow .
principal drives tiny outback school ' s success in more ways than one
lebron james gives shoes to celtics fan who has beaten the odds
adopted dog helps save family from fire , local animal shelter helps them rebuild
parents create amazing halloween costume for son with cerebral palsy .
car is auctioned to pay for the care of two orphans . car sells three times , car is donated back three times , totally $80 , 000 raised .
nba team la clippers announce $25k match of direct donations from the blake griffin shoe auction campaign to fight childhood cancer
person buys $1m worth of remaining toys at toys ' r ' us store to donate to kids
best duo to ever be in the white house
kansas city bar shooting: hero ian grillot says indian he saved is his new best friend
giving shelter dogs a new chance at life as search and rescue k 9s
newly discovered enzyme helps body break down excess sugar in body . sweet !
child asthma emergency visits drop after indoor smoking bans
man embarks on mission to mow lawns in all 50 states
morse high school alumnus donates $50 , 000 to schools music program
pakistan plans to plant 10 billion trees to fight climate change
most women with early stage breast cancer can avoid toxic chemotherapy , major trial finds
dash cam catches rescue of man from burning suv
9 year old cancer patient , jacob thompson , wants christmas cards for his last christmas .
girl , 11 , surprises step father by changing her last name to his
dutch police landing helicopter to save tipped sheep
a lifesaving gift: near stranger donates kidney to toddler in st . louis
airbnb sets goal to provide short term housing for 100 , 000 people in urgent need over the next 5 years , refugees , displaced individuals , and victims of natural disaster alike
good samaritan caught on camera breaking up fight honored , praises mom
world ' s first: brussels hospital saves resistant baby with trained viruses
northampton mosque raises 1 , 000 in just one morning to help fund new hospital buggy
las vegas firefighters responding to house fire resuscitate pet cat with cpr
rare white african lion cub rescued from canned hunting facility
uk scientists are working on a vaccine that could cure crohn ' s disease . clinical trials have already shown great success with curing a similar inflammatory bowel disease in animal studies
man freed after 13 years in prison for murder he didn ' t commit: ' it ' s a wonderful feeling '
cat rescued from tiny space between brick walls
man from the uk built a shelter for homeless couple and their dog as a christmas present
dog and puppy halloween costume contest raises money for lucky paws dog rescue
jeremy vine ' s letter to teen attacked in romford bbc news
their son had 21 eye surgeries by age 3 . . . then they started a company that ' s helped 22 , 000 other families get eyecare
canadian teen rescues girl from deadly fire
black man beaten in charlottesville found not guilty of assaulting white supremacist
virginia boy , 10 , saves wedding guests at b&amp;b from fire
attorneys general urge congress to pass marijuana banking bill
worlds oldest man , a holocaust survivor in israel , to celebrate bar mitzvah 100 years late | jewish telegraphic agency
ex criminal teaches yoga to current trouble makes in bangalore to channelise their energy in the right direction . .
after girl battles leukemia , a bedroom fit for royalty
woman , 106 , dances with joy with meeting the obamas
this young woman is fighting poverty in tanzania by teaching women to sew
giant lobster is set free
woman wins $200 on scratch ticket , immediately spends it on homeless man to give him a place to sleep
jury deadlocks over activist who gave migrants food and shelter | us news
a new app can direct kids and their parents to more than 700 sites across the state of minnesota where free snacks and lunches are being provided .
brexit may have killed the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip )
child found safe after kidnapping outside south la laundromat
indians in the us raise $100 , 000 for kansas shooting hero ian grillot
by the end of this year , burger king will sell impossible whoppers nationwide .
canada adds 427 , 000 square kms to its marine protected areas
rescued migrant wind 400 , 000 euros in the spanish lottery
octopus legs it out of napier aquarium | nznews
unprepared kindergarteners can catch up to their peers with the help of dedicated teachers
good samaritan comes to aid of police officer under attack
oklahoma city mayor issues proclamation declaring pride week for the first time in history
instead of letting the government determine his destiny , this cuban tattoo artist plays by his own rules .
an anti gay blogger tried to stop a drag queen story hour . instead it had the biggest turnout ever .
chef wins reality show , uses funds to feed chicagos homeless
yeshiva bochur leaves hospital , second victim moved out of icu
11 year old boy ' s invention could prevent hot car deaths
vietnamese farmers in australia work hard to succeed
essex firefighter revive pigeons after queen street fire
with us poised to slash foreign aid , china in pole position to become worlds biggest donor
labradoodle cooper reunited with owner after boarding wrong flight bbc news
girl born with no hands wins handwriting competition .
chinese businesswoman dubbed the ivory queen sentenced to 15 years in jail for smuggling tusks from more than 400 elephants
nearly 100 year old woman ' arrested ' to fulfill bucket list item
elderly dog helps save girl lost in australian bush
u . s . department of education and u . s . department of veterans affairs team up to simplify student loan discharge process for disabled veterans
living with hiv in cambodia: building homes for affected families
friends , strangers donate thousands to help woman and her newborn injured in utah crash
cormorant , a tiny minnesota town have a dog as their mayor !
lost wallet returned , with something extra inside
mothers kind gesture moves nurse to tears
for child survivors of london fire , a belated eid celebration
japans uncle fist loses money every week selling takoyaki to kids for just 10 yen , doesnt care
monarch butterflies have made a big comeback in their wintering grounds in mexico , after suffering serious declines , experts said friday [26 february 2016] .
call center employee saves a caller ' s life when he hears the signs of a stroke in her voice
ripple donates nearly $30 million to all 35 , 647 projects on donorschoose
sikh man uses his turban to save a drowning dog
' cricket saved me after my family was murdered '
why 2017 may be the best year ever
despite the devastation all around him , camp fire dog waited for his owners to return home
iceland has become the first major retailer to commit to eliminate plastic packaging for all own brand products within five years to help end the " scourge " of plastic pollution . the retailer said it would be replacing plastic with packaging including paper and pulp trays and paper bags .
ellen and walmart pay 4 years of college for class of 2017 at this brooklyn school
malaria expected to be eradicated from vanuatu by 2028
my hometown of fairfield held a day where the local police officers joined pokemon hunters to catch em all at city park
man hitchhikes 26 , 000 miles writes a " manifesto " on kindness and its potential
insect repellent donations helping st . johns county homeless population
university of texas announces full scholarships to residents with family incomes under $65k by 2020
this artist was offered a full time job after someone on the internet properly credited her work
special bond: a man and his goose .
iranian women protest against strict hijab laws by posting flying hair photos
six days a week , a suburban mom drives a pickup truck to inner city detroit dropping off whatever ' s needed
100 year old still volunteers 20 hours each week with habitat for humanity
indian tycoon builds 90 homes for homeless to celebrate daughters wedding
tasmanian devils developing immune response to contagious face cancer
dog rescued from euthanasia in training to become autistic boy ' s personal direwolf
jon stewart , kevin nealon raise awareness for animal rights at gala
genetically engineered microbes make their own fertilizer , could feed the worlds poorest
dad gets passengers to help his daughter trick or treat on airplane
toddler gets kidney from ailing dad ' s former classmate after facebook plea
twin sisters dance with bone marrow donor who saved them
we ' re drowning in plastic trash . jenna jambeck wants to save us
police help a 5th grader with her math homework after she messages police on facebook
' fat vincent ' the dachshund transformed after losing more than half his body weight
one of indias best kept secrets
how a 23andme kit led a texas woman , abandoned at birth , to long lost siblings in pennsylvania
world sea turtle populations leave endangered zone thanks to legal protection
101 year old florida man still volunteers for meals on wheels
the moment hero ups driver rescues family from burning house
converting cancer cells to fat cells to stop cancers spread
mother to receive kidney transplant after money raised in april was stolen
jury awards $1 . 26 million for dog shot , killed by police
judge restores obama era drilling ban in arctic
the colombian government has been ordered to take urgent action to protect the amazon rainforest by its own supreme court . in a historic ruling , the country ' s most senior judges said the state had not done enough to tackle the destruction of the environment .
d . c . restaurant feeds the poor and homeless every single day
b . c . granny , 73 , helping fight fires and squashing stereotypes
tiny baby born four months early on cruise ship survives
selfless ilion man to donate liver to his best friends aunt
a tesla model s hits 300 , 000 miles in just 2 years saving an estimated $60 , 000 on fuel and maintenance
vermont passes bill to reduce bee killing pesticides friends of the earth
five year old , trapped in a tumble dryer , saved by teddy the dog . owner promises teddy a nice fillet dinner .
paralyzed kitten in a wheelchair got a new chance to life being adopted by a lovely family !
panama becomes first central american nation to ban plastic bags .
romeo the cat and juliet the dog , star crossed lovers at california animal shelter
shelter dog overlooked for months because of cleft palate adopted by shelter volunteer
kind estate agent walks pensioner home in storm doris after spotting her clinging to lamp post in 60mph wind .
people trying to save fair use
6 year old donates stuffed animals to hurricane victims
' pure cuteness ' : doggy con draws hundreds of dressed up dogs , from yoda to starbucks cups
california man shows remarkable recovery less than one year after facial transplant
after a family ' s home and car were vandalized with racist graffiti while the family was on vacation , the local community came together to clean and repair the damage .
invictus athletes sing " let it go " , the theme song from the film ' frozen ' after chopper leaves didabled veteran in distress
high school senior basketball manager realizes his basketball dream on senior night
for six decades , the man with the golden arm donated blood and saved 2 . 4 million babies
us mother bethany vierra refutes media claims she is trapped in saudi arabia , says her residency issues were resolved promptly
a car wreck claimed one of colorado gymnast jessica wombles legs but not a bit of her competitive spirit
7 year old boy donates more than $700 to riley children ' s hospital
abused dog gets happy home she deserved
alms soup has hit the first goal of incorporating ! we are now seeking to raise funds to retain an attorney , cpa , and grant writer .
juice company dumped orange peels in a deforested area . 16 years later , it ' s no longer deforested .
salford woman donates kidney to nhs for saving husband ' s life bbc news
afghan boy who made his own ( excellent ) messi top out of a bag finally gets a real messi top , from lionel himself .
bloodless malaria test wins africa prize
teacher ' s remix of ' old towne road ' with her students exemplifies excellence in the classroom
276 dogs rescued from n . j . home
meet the tattooed bikers on a mission to protect kids from their abusers: ' no child deserves to live in fear ' .
the european union and bill gates have agreed to launch a $115 million clean energy investment fund
cats are actually nice , scientists find
meijer cashier makes a kids day
sharp dressed man gives tailored suits to those in need
this teen girl and her 82 year old grandpa are going to college together
keanon lowe stops school shooting from happening at oregon high school
humpback whale population surges off b . c . ' s west coast , says research group | cbc news
2nd man apparently free of aids virus following stem cell transplant
kanazawa shoko: woman with down syndrome becomes japan ' s most acclaimed calligrapher
front of house worker at the arts theatre gets the dream opportunity to be the lead in knights of the rose on the west end
thai kids sports team and coach found alive after 9 days missing
oklahoma world war ii veteran only wants cards for 93rd birthday
26 yr old engineer brings 10 ponds back to life times of india
gambia and tanzania outlaw child marriage
statue unveiled for frank foley , who saved 10 , 000 jewish people during the holocaust .
this .
as measles returns , indiegogo joins other tech platforms in banning anti vaccine campaigns
after traffic stop , cop drives man more than 100 miles to join family grieving over death of his teenage sister
father of boy saved by mamoudou gassama was playing pokemon go
jury awards $1bn to woman raped as a teen
this young russian man came out on youtube and it ' s incredibly inspiring
irish blogger ( 33 ) makes over 1m after creating online travel journal to fund his wanderlust
man reunites with birth father who didn ' t know he existed
two new ebola treatments prove highly effective in congo epidemic
bristol uni students raise 1 , 500 to send cleaner on holiday
leeds united football club raise the 200 , 000 needed to fund a five year old boy ' s cancer treatment .
benny the dog found alive after nine days in the wilderness . 1000 searchers and a rescue helicopter were involved .
taiwan legalises same sex marriage
couple buy stranger a car after seeing him walking home from a long day ' s work
13 yrs ago my mom heard a speaker at church from empowering lives inter about sponsoring an orphaned child from kenya . today they met for the first time . love is beautiful .
doodle4google national winner ! congratulations to the national winner , akilah johnson !
police officer gives his own pokemon card collection to kid who had his stolen
temple in india ( ayodhya ) holds iftaar ( dinner ) for people fasting in month of ramadan
set of wheels allows injured tortoise to walk
matthew mcconaughey is now a full time film professor at the university of texas
student surprises teacher with gift he ' s wanted since he was 12 years old
winnipeggers help elderly couple facing fine or jail over peeling house paint
british woman is saved ten hours after falling off a cruise ship
canadian project to tell americans that they ' re great
lowes greeter met with overwhelming response for new wheelchair
veterans across us receive day of free dental care at nationwide chain
starbucks plans to hire 10 , 000 refugees after trump action
' russian hackers ' are spreading uplifting fake news
beloved mcdonalds worker with downs syndrome celebrates 30 years on the job .
couple meet at tinder themed nba ( basketball ) game two years ago . they will wed at center court of same basketball arena this year .
' someone to love: ' chatham county soldier reunites with dog adopted during deployment
hopes soar in scotland: edinburgh zoo panda may be pregnant
kids form ' human arrow ' to point police helicopter towards suspects on the run
face of terrorist phillip manshaus in court after his failed terrorist attack .
friendship with football player helps two year old fight leukemia
completely ' locked in ' patients can communicate
12 year old learns cpr , saves fathers life weeks later
inside the fight for strong female comic book characters
super nan who has fostered 167 children awarded the highest humanitarian award in the international lions club .
meet the man saving yazidi slaves from isis
former nfl star gives up first super bowl ring and saves 24 thailand orphans
this restaurant installed a fridge out in the street to feed hungry people
cop turns car into cradle to lull trapped baby to sleep
indian man carves 5 mile long road through hills ( with a chisel , hoe and pickaxe ) so children can attend school
' a turning point ' : ottawa ' s ' butterfly boy ' discharged from hospital
100 kids have sleepover at dallas cowboys ' at&amp;t stadium as part of ashley furniture charity event ( the children had no beds to sleep in . now they can take these home )
syrian refugee family featured in lost family portrait find missing daughter in turkey
colombia passes a historic peace deal with farc rebels to end the countrys half century war
new zealand kayaker mike dawson helps feed locals ahead of rio olympics
boss in india gives cars and homes to staff as diwali bonus ( xpost r/news )
teen returns purse containing $10k after finding it in the road
outdoor company burton announced that it changed all female athletic contracts to include language that protects women during and after pregnancy .
anti homeless spikes removed after cushion protest
canada set to remove drunk canoeing as an impaired driving offence
metropolitan library system program pairs oklahoma city area children with therapy dogs
nc woman adopts 2 dogs that have lived at the shelter the longest .
ubers donating $1 million to veterans groups
pathway of hope
monkey grabs a camera for a selfie with a stunned family on holiday in bali . . . and flips the middle finger !
right to repair legislation is officially being considered in canada
wwii veteran surprised with high school diploma 70 years after leaving school
ikea donating beds to refugees resettling in jacksonville , fl
bernie sanders proposes huge renewables build out and publicly owned power
hero toddler pushes fallen dresser off twin
smart watch converts text and email into braille . . . ( technological innovation that could benefit many people )
amal clooney calls on suu kyi to pardon reuters reporters
68 yr old diver missing for 17 hours off townsville coast found alive
calgarian gives stranded jamaican bobsled team rides and keys to his truck to get to races .
10 year old emma spent 5 months at sickkids hospital being treated for leukemia . she shares her story using vr during her time there .
well known german newspaper writes reddit may be the winner against hate speech [translated]
ryan reynolds calls terminally sick devon boy from set of deadpool 2
dogs , including " unadoptable " shelter dogs , are working to save the world ' s endangered species
aclu says it raised $10 million since saturday
white woman calls police on black familys bbq so neighbourhood throws huge street party
ohio teen loses more than 100 pounds while walking to school every day
dog badly burned in house fire now training to be therapy animal for georgia burn center
christian charity helps tackle lgbtq youth homelessness
young gorillas seen dismantling poachers ' traps for the first time
lovers reunited 75 years on from ww2
a hard day ' s work
three auschwitz inmates miraculously saved from death reunite
a good start
kira the gorilla and her baby
former astros coach rich dauer throws emotional first pitch after nearly dying during last year ' s championship parade
mumbai police pay surprise visit to celebrate birthday of 83 year old whose children could not visit her
kokomo dentists give back to veterans
chinese ivory traders to be slapped where it hurts . good news !
who says that 3 lakh children deaths were averted in india due to increased sanitation coverage ( 40% to 90% ) as part of swachh bharat mission
restaurant worker goes above and beyond for disabled man with . . .
fredericksburg man thankful for help he receives from new service dog
golden retriever saves baby deer from drowning
neighbor runs into burning house to save child
country star eric church cancels 25 , 000 tickets purchased by scalpels and bots , good guy of the year candidate . another reason he is my favorite country singer .
9 year old girl finishes 9 year old girl completes navy seal obstacle course to raise awareness against bullying
clever new mini lab will enable patients to test themselves for illnesses and it can be used on animals too
nevada passes law making it illegal to drive under the speed limit in the fast lane .
veteran named ' smiley ' is gifted with $60 , 000 dental implants by generous dentist
a technology that can substantially eradicate global poverty
john scott scores two goals in nhl all star game , wins mvp trophy
spanish homeless man ' s makeover is craziest i ' ve ever seen
ap news: sheriff: jayme closs found alive , suspect in custody .
artista cafe in tampa , florida , serves up hope , opportunity for workers with autism
georgia couple adopts 7 siblings: " when he got off the phone he said to me , ' what do you think about seven ? ' i said , ' a 7 year old ? ' he said , ' well , there is a 7 year old , but no . . . seven children '
boy with heart disease is ' first person on saturn '
rare rothschild ' s giraffe calf born in chester zoo
between 2014 2017 in berkeley , california , sugary drink consumption decreased by 52 percent after a 1 cent tax on every ounce of artificially sweetened drinks sold within city limits was implemented . the soda tax works , say researchers .
watch: the heart warming reunion between military dog named floor and the handler who will adopt her [xpost /r/pupliftingnews]
man who claimed that red lake , mn was the " worst place " loves living there .
montreal to build 950 units in a wet shelter for homeless people with alcoholism
spain rescues over 440 migrants from mediterranean sea
how a transplanted face transformed a young womans life
blind dog named christmas rescued after being trapped in well for months
hey weekend dads !
after learning his employee is homeless , an ' undercover boss ' reveals that hes actually the ceo and promotes her to assistant manager , giving her a $14 , 000 annual raise and $250 , 000 bonus
study of north atlantic ocean reveals decline of leaded petrol emissions
cubs fan shares world series with late father at greenwood cemetery
tiger populations have increased for the first time in 100 years
113 years and counting: world ' s oldest man celebrates bar mitzvah
chicago public library launches a million books giveaway for children
refugee success stories
couple pledges $1 . 2 million to send 27 kindergartners to college
tokyo to build 350m tower made of wood
a trip to saudi arabia and a risky operation
the australian cricket team might have a new captain , thanks to make a wish
this mentally handicapped man from my hometown recently got a black eye and was crowdfunded $20 , 000 by a local resident for the damage ( the goal was only to reach about $1 , 000 ) . this man smiles at every stranger he sees , he needs some love , reddit !
danica roem , first trans state representative , dedicates historic victory to all the misfits
prince william shares kind words with grieving boy: its okay to miss her .
kitten walking on highway rescued after traffic is shut down
muslim americans offer to stand guard at jewish sites across us to prevent vandalism
they saved this girl ' s life , then these cops and firefighters went a step beyond
' butt lady of auburn ' picks up 1 million cigarette butts
bangladesh has reduced child mortality rates by 78 percent
young aussie girl starts petition to help her dad ' s dairy farm and other farmers too . . .
in the wake of the christchurch attack , new zealand said on wednesday that it would work with france in an effort to stop social media from being used to promote terrorism and violent extremism .
its nothing on the global stage scale of uplifting news but uplifting non the less . 60 strangers attend mans funeral
enterprise rent a car foundation is donating $30 million to the nature conservancy ' s efforts to preserve and protect rivers and watersheds in the u . s . and internationally
when a texas teacher realized her students couldn ' t read cursive , she found a creative solution: senior pen pals
heroic 7 year old alyssah moanaroa yates saves family from fire
retired teacher helping w . va . schools devastated by flooding
months to live , kristen rogers lives life without regrets
windsor border workers deliver pizza to unpaid u . s . counterparts
man took a wrong turn 5 years ago . he has now finally found his way back !
iowa principal takes bold stand to help bullied student
norway on thursday said it will raise $400 million to encourage brazil ' s farmers to stop destroying the rainforests , launching a fund also backed by food giants unilever and nestle . [x post from /r/worldnews]
local woman saves truck driver ' s life after he passed out from choking
parents with 5 biological children adopt 6 siblings to keep them together
mutual rescue: josh &amp; scout
tbbt stars offer to take pay cuts so mayim bialik and melissa rauch can get raises
prince georges co . to donate backpacks , supplies to students
edward norton raises nearly $400 , 000 for syrian refugees . the actor is working to raise money for a syrian scientist who was featured in the popular photography blog *humans of new york* last week .
canada just ruled to uphold net neutrality
charity worker helps abandoned , starving two year old boy in nigeria after family and community accuse him of being a witch
shaq tipped a waitress $4 , 000 because that ' s what she requested
parent receives this note after autistic child has meltdown in restaurant . . .
itt technical institutes shuts down after 50 years in operation
dog saves elderly neighbor
a car crash , a missing dog , and the volunteers who didn ' t give up on daisy mae
at 101 , sarah yerkes published her first book of poetry . last month , she released her first collection of poems , days of blue and flame , published by passager books at the university of baltimore .
kitty who walked 12 miles home only to have owners take him to be euthanized , gets adopted .
world ' s first ocean plastic cleaning machine set to tackle great pacific garbage patch
alabama student who woke up at 4 . 30am every morning to get a bus to his high school is gifted a car after photos of him making the trek in graduation robes went viral
jimmy fallon surprises founder of first girl scout troop for homeless kids in new york city with $56 , 000 donation
man who revived drowning 6 year old boy embarrassed to be called ' hero '
banff ditches big bang canada day fireworks to protect wildlife
the ' sober generation ' : australian teens snubbing alcohol and cigarettes thanks to parents , researchers say
judge blocks missouri 8 week abortion ban
homeless man donates $10k from settlement to homeless shelter
it ' s raining in the amazon forest , which is slowing down the fire in some areas
volunteers spend 16 years to create an urban eden out of altona north ' s industrial wasteland
missing 5 year old and 8 year old sisters found alive
anonymous donor gives $10 , 000 toward lunch debts at maine school district
thought this would be fitting for here
til a florida brewery created edible six pack rings that feed animals instead of killing them
witness saves suicidal man trying to jump off overpass onto i 15 in layton
rene lima marin , inmate released 90 years early then re incarcerated , is ordered freed
thrown into drain , stray dogs save newborn girl in haryana , india
michigan church says it paid off medical debt for nearly 2 , 000 families
sometimes , the person who deserves to win the lottery actually does . n . c . woman who ' s battling cancer wins the lottery again .
cards against humanity saves us
this cat who works at a train station just got promoted
homeless man among hurricane evacuees grooms pets displaced by hurricane harvey
jonah ryan , aspiring outback wrangler , encourages others to protect their country
world ' s fluffiest feline the pallas ' s cat to get its own siberian nature reserve
teens spot plane fire , alert saves 194 lives
anti gun violence protesters shut down part of chicago freeway
ruth bader ginsburg says she ' s ' almost repaired ' after last month ' s fall
jeff henderson shares gold medal with ailing mother
' we won ' : landmark climate ruling as new south wales court rejects coal mine
couple wins millions using lottery loophole
i ' m sharing because it ' s a beautiful story in it ' s own right , totally ignoring the controversy it seems to have sparked .
101 year old female runner is breaking records
new campaign calls on japan to end ivory trade
fewer chinese tourists support harmful elephant entertainment in thailand: attitudes are changing amongst the chinese public when it comes to the use of wildlife in entertainment , study concludes
guacamole lovers , rejoice ! the avocado genome has been sequenced
african farmer delivers water to wild animals during drought
do you still have faith in humanity ?
remember the ice bucket challenge in 2014 ? its funds helped discover the gene linked to als
long john silvers employees in amarillo help homeless man
ruler of dubai sends private jet stocked with $500k of aid to hurricane stricken haiti
california officially free of drought after more than seven years
despite ' one in a million ' odds , jeremy the lonely snail has found a lover
brave man rescues baby chipmunk stranded on the vertical wall of a building !
a florida brewery created edible six pack rings that feed animals instead of killing them
cards against humanity launches a daily good news podcast
choosing the woman who will be my new voice
planting 1 . 2 trillion trees could cancel out a decade of co2 emissions there is enough room in the worlds existing parks , forests , and abandoned land to plant 1 . 2 trillion additional trees , which would have the co2 storage capacity to cancel out a decade of carbon dioxide emissions
a woman eating at a texas roadhouse in greenwood captured the moment when a server decided to go out of his way to help an elderly woman cut her food .
hundreds lining up to donate blood for orlando nightclub shooting victims
community rallies to raise money for 2 year old girl born with rare condition causing swelling in arms and legs
this woman received interview offers and 4000 messages on linkedin after her post about rejection went viral
strangers honor korean war veteran
the number of youth in juvenile detention in california has quietly plummeted falling crime rates , combined with more money for prevention and a changing juvenile justice culture , have virtually emptied californias juvenile halls
6 year old boy helps save more than 1 , 000 dogs from kill shelters
my buddy does free 3d nipple tattoos for breast cancer survivors .
new device can detect cancer in just one drop of blood
sisters excel in irish exams 2 years after fleeing syria . both want to be doctors .
renewable energy will be world ' s main power source by 2040 , says bp
monday motivation: the world ' s oldest ice hockey player skates on at 95
look and see best friends chilling out ! ! ! ! !
a rare owl badly injured in a road accident has been given the gift of flight after a double wing transplant .
scottish government powers past coal
homeless shelter rehabs old building to offer place of employment to its guests
an oregon bride to be sent an invitation to the wrong address . it came back with this note .
local breweries team up and create ' irma ' beer for hurricane relief
agdq 2018 draws to a close , raises over $2 . 2 million for charity ( to fight cancer )
while you were asleep new year ' s day morning , muslims waged jihad on your streets
indiana man , 34 , who impregnated 10 year old girl , gets over 100 years in prison
california approves goal for 100% renewable energy by 2045
former hummer factory to become an electric car factory under sf motors
a frugal carpenter in iowa that grew up poor left his $3 million savings to local poor kids to pay their college tuition; since his death in 2005 , his donation has put 14 of them through college
squirrel keeps coming back to visit the family who saved her eight years ago
series of innovations has virtually ended homelessness among veterans in minnesota
eight year old boy starts his own food bank after being upset by documentary on the hungry
malala yousafzai ' s pakistan homecoming: youngest person to win nobel peace prize ( shot by taliban in 2012 )
17 year old newyorker speaks over 17 languages
artificial reproduction shows hope for the endangered northern white rhino
alaskan family needs support to get father to utah for kidney transplant . there are no transplant facilities in alaska .
doctors hail world first as womans advanced breast cancer is eradicated
100 year old woman receives more than 600 birthday cards from total strangers
police in kennett , mo had a christmas road block by local school to give students christmas gifts .
grandmother sacrifices self to save grandson in sutherland springs shooting
baby rhinos rescued from assam floods , india
heroic man pulls truck driver from flaming wreck , would do it ten times over
lenovo switches to stock android for all future smartphones
teens selfless act leads to another girls dream come true
the real reason why saran wrap doesn ' t cling anymore
ecuador court upholds $9 . 5 billion damages ruling against chevron for decades of pollution that harmed indigenous people
look how dedicated and hardworking this father is
first wave produced electricity in us goes online in hawaii
an infant did not have any hospital visitors for five months . so this nurse adopted her .
billionaire founder of corona leaves $2 . 5 million to every single person in the small village where he was raised .
photo: officer poses with wet t shirt after saving woman from river
pakistan ' s first lawmaker of african descent
93% of bangladeshi youth literate , up from 63% 10 years ago
5 year old boy battling cancer asks for christmas cards
the uk has been powered without coal for three days in a row , setting a new record and underlining the polluting fuels rapid decline . demand lower following recent warm weather , making it easier for gas , renewables and nuclear to cover uks needs .
this woman just reunited with the gorillas she was raised with and its beautiful
germany starts granting humanitarian visas to chechen gays
adventurous man and his pet chicken are sailing around the world together
firefighters walk 22km to save dog from cliff
christian mother narrates ayatollah khamenei ' s visit to her family
medical experts say new blood test that can predict who will develop the potentially deadly pregnancy disorder pre eclampsia will save mothers and babies from life threatening complications and premature birth . melbourne ' s royal women ' s hospital is australia ' s first medical centre to introduce test .
heart wrenching story of abandoned baby triggers flood of adoption offers
montreal airport practice run for autistic kids .
looks like it ' s becoming a trend: morocco to plant 50 million trees in a day
rescue dog named frito to reunite with long lost siblings for ' puppy playdate '
firehouse subs donates " jaws of life " equipment to glastonbury fire department
two blind women got to compete in a giant pumpkin regatta , thanks to teens who switched pumpkins with them after theirs got a hole . the boys then went on to paddle the leaky pumpkin to 2nd place in the race .
' cuteness goes through roof ' as baby sees mother for first time with new glasses
chris long consoled his younger brother kyle after his philadelphia eagles won a 16 15 thriller that knocked kyle ' s chicago bears out of the playoffs
baltimore trained pediatricians to screen parents and reduced reports to child protection services by 31%
high school valedictorian has a 4 . 0 gpa , is headed to towson university and is autistic
a mother mourning dove set up her nest on the front of a police vehicle , and the pearland police department says they will patiently wait for the eggs to hatch .
tequila is linked to weight loss , study claims
electric shock collars for pets to be banned in england
virginia woman lifts blazing truck off her father trapped underneath
counties with more trees and shrubs spend less on medicare , finds new study from 3 , 086 of the 3 , 103 counties in the continental u . s . the relationship persists even when accounting for economic , geographic or other factors that might independently influence health care costs .
' we want to show there are people that care ' : barbers give free haircuts in downtown eastside vancouver
police officer breastfeeds abandoned newborn baby and saves her life .
ups store owner tracks down deceased veteran ' s son to deliver mementos lost for 4 years
one mans mission to bring better ramen to the incarcerated
59 in 59 national parks visit by this pair
paws off n . j . cat claws: assembly panel approves declaw ban
someone just donated $100 million to toronto ' s centre for addiction and mental health , anonymously .
a 23 year old won over bmw with his spec father ' s day piece . watch it and youll see why .
the ' little thieves ' who allegedly stole the redditors watch gets support from governor
a small cartridge refilling business refused to settle with lexmark printing empire , took the case all the way to the supreme court and emerged victorious
brewery in hungary offers free beer to anyone who adopts dog from local shelter
light in the shadow of castro ' s funeral , a vigil to honor his victims
a man used his truck to stop a dangerous speeder , local body shop estimates 7 . 5k damage then does 15k worth of repairs for free
meet the husky who sniffed her owners cancer not once but thrice
dog ' adopts ' nine orphaned ducklings at essex castle
' let ' s talk about depression ' , urges indian pm narendra modi
in the sky above melbourne , special needs teacher comes to the rescue
the divorce surge is over , but the myth lives on
bucky the toothy squirrel saved by alberta rancher
mary has grown up with cerebral palsy and can barely walk , but that doesn ' t stop her from going after her goals and working out .
dog rescued from traumatic past in puppy mill now helps new shelter dogs feel safe ( video )
tulsa firefighters rescue dog stranded on ice
partying buffalo bills fan catches fire , gets saved by beer
dad of the year takes daughter trick or treating on plane
this nightclub for the elderly is fighting loneliness with tea party raves
' i saw god today ' : color blind woman sees fall color for the 1st time
irish students will receive 300 hours of mental health classes in new plan
one mans pedal powered mission to tackle plastic pollution
15 year old donates over $10 , 000 to hospital on his birthday
new zealanders successfully crowd fund purchase a beach and make it open to the public .
meet luna , massachusetts state polices first ever comfort dog
faith in humanity restored: internet praises man and his friends who invited an elderly woman who was eating alone to join them for a meal before discovering she was widowed and would have celebrated her 60th wedding anniversary the next day
there may still be hope for this world .
new bipartisan legislation would repeal trumps solar tariffs i dont know what good can possibly come as a consequence of stifling the growth of solar power .
teen accepts his terminal illness , and thousands of birthday cards
massive pumice ' raft ' spotted in the pacific could help replenish great barrier reef
er doctor who discovered a wreck on her way home from work helps stabilize patient roadside , get to meet patient months later after assuming he had died of his injuries .
two brothers save for ten years to buy their mother a bmw
95 year old man finally ' comes out ' in incredibly emotional video
formerly conjoined 14 month old twins see each other for first time
12 year old swimmer receives espy award for swimming the san francisco bay
starting feb . 1 , smoking will be strictly banned on all thai beaches , which means having even a quick ciggie could land you in a thai prison for a year or fined up to thb100 , 000 ( $us3 , 000 ) .
teacher fosters joy and trust by creating special handshakes with each of his students yes , every . single . one .
delta sends jet for stranded students after american airlines flight was cancelled
ibn ali miller , the man who broke up street fight in viral video is honored for his actions
over 500 migrants were miraculously saved from a capsized boat outside the libyan coast
tens of thousands of disabled people are set to receive backdated benefit payments averaging 5 , 000 following a government error .
congress may mandate more legroom on planes
11 ways the world got better in 2015
amazing couple opens their home for abandoned and terminally ill babies , let ' s show them how much reddit can help !
worlds forest cover shoots up 9pc after major google earth discovery
best rescue ever: canadian coast guard retrieves golden retriever
ga and ny police departments pulling pit bulls from shelters to train for duty
otter rescued after wandering into british veterinary clinic
my grandma was adopted as a baby , and only recently was reunited with a biological brother who she never knew she had .
dutch city turns bus stops into bee stops
green anole lizard found in salad becomes class mascot
mother of 3 receives liver transplant from complete stranger after facebook plea
college athletes should receive some form of payment
almost $200 million raised for groups cut off by trump ' s abortion funding ban
why do the poor make such poor decisions ? fascinating article on revolutionary new theory
10 year old maryland girl born without hands wins handwriting contest
jewish people give muslims key to their synagogue after town ' s mosque burns down
the winner of a $20 . 2 million powerball jackpot has split his winnings with family members , saying it will help " keep me on an even keel " .
paris: el baraka community school a blessing to sevran
radys donate $50 million to salvation army for homeless
dog immortalised in high school yearbook
mom for rent: $40 buys you an hour of motherly care and judgment free advice
baby ditched at sf state in 1984 just graduated from there
israel frees 12 year old palestinian girl prisoner
near certainty lynx will be released into wild in britain as landowners agree to plan
stranded elephant saved in dramatic sea rescue 8 miles from shore
a once scary tunnel is now safe , well lit and an ever changing canvas for graffiti artists
woman raises more than $340 , 000 to help a homeless man in philadelphia who spent his last $20 to buy her gas
lil hansen still teaching yoga class at 105 years old
billboard company pay tribute to carrie fisher representatives said no one paid for the signs , they just wanted to honor the star wars icon .
bernie sanders unveils $16 trillion green new deal plan
real life liam neeson father tracks down his missing daughter and her alleged captor
young woman with autism proves every expert wrong , graduates from college
researchers first to uncover how the cannabis plant creates important pain relieving molecules that are 30 times more powerful at reducing inflammation than aspirin . the discovery unlocks the potential to create a naturally derived pain treatment for relief of acute and chronic pain beyond opioids .
acquitted after having spent 36 years in prison for a crime he did not commit
sharp increase seen in monarch butterfly numbers
exoplanet discoveries
zappos offers to pay funeral costs for las vegas attack victims
google launches india program to screen diabetics for eye conditions that can cause blindness . india has a shortage of more than 100 , 000 doctors
a potential new cure for baldness has been discovered using a drug originally intended to treat osteoporosis .
rescued louisiana flood dogs to help florida inmates
how plants reclaimed chernobyl ' s poisoned land
spanish police arrest 182 people in raid on illegal cockfight
college student stages mock graduation on subway as delays put actual commencement out of reach: gothamist
donut boy delivers sweet treats to police
the trebek effect: the benefits of well wishes
brazilian artist turns old tires found on the streets into cute , eco friendly pet beds
alipay users planted 100m trees in china
physicists may have discovered a previously unknown fifth force of nature
milan to plant 3 million trees by 2030 to fight climate change and improve air quality
photographer sets out to capture what we have in common by documenting the bedrooms of young people from all around the world
it ' s a great time to be a college graduate in america
mexican police prevents suicide by offering man tacos .
endangered rhinos bred in the uk have given birth to healthy babies
9 year old sells lemonade to pay for sister ' s adoption
elephants took care of a poacher .
pm modi launches fit india movement
raccoon rescued after making daring climb up minnesota skyscraper
burger king net neutrality ad
teenager delivers hundreds of solar lamps to puerto ricans living without power
cops forced to return stripper ' s $19 , 934 in cash after they illegally seized his belongings
how one nonprofit is turning vr into a marketing weapon to fight poverty
youtube taking down gun videos and conspiracy channels
stranger ' s kindness helped couple see dying mum 200 miles away
spongebob made the world a better , more optimistic place
fundraiser to help harlem children see marvel ' s black panther more than doubles goal
stem cell patches could help mend hearts after heart attack
texas cop uses cpr to save boys life after he stops breathing
muslim foster parents: we ' d never had a christmas tree it made them so happy
a veteran lost the american flag honoring his wwi veteran uncle , and another veteran found it and stepped up to help
the shampoo bottle saving babies from pneumonia in bangladesh
conjoined twins separated at birth to start school
pollinator country: a town sets aside 1 , 000 acres for bees , butterflies &amp; other pollinators
a bank account set up 90 years ago by a mystery donor to pay off the national debt is at the centre of a court battle , as the uk government seeks permission to unlock its 400 million funds .
new hampshire decriminalizes marijuana possession
fernandina tortoise thought to be extinct found alive on galapagos island during animal planet shoot
kittens rescued from engine , bumper of florida police car
after emma perrier was catfished , she found love with the model whose photos the catfisher stole
huge rainforest now protected from industrial logging ( x post /r/canada )
florida firefighters paint home of blind world war ii veteran , 89
parents who lived apart for a year while their son received life changing treatment in the us are reunited in amazing moment caught on camera
chefs across the country are leaving restaurant kitchens to work in school cafeterias
chester zoo successfully breeds rare catalan newt: twelve montseny newts one of worlds rarest amphibians hatched as part of joint breeding project with catalan authorities .
sf man awarded $10 million after jury finds police framed him for murder
elon musk making kid sized submarine to rescue teens in thailand cave
rick bayless to offer culinary training to low income students at the hatchery
fans create makeshift memorial on hollywood walk of fame for carrie fisher who never got a star .
strangers give waitress $400 tip , then pay her student loan debt
how melting plastic waste could heat homes: researchers have found a way to use dirty plastic waste to produce hydrogen , which can heat homes and fuel cars without producing greenhouse gas emissions . the process uses a glass kiln , heated to 1 , 000c , to instantly break down unrecyclable plastic .
pet rat in vancouver overdoses on heroin , saved by narcan
puppies help students de stress during finals
michael jordan sent boxes of gear to autistic fan who wore full mj uniform at pickup game
small town coffee shop serves hope to people recovering from addiction
meet the chameleon who is slowly taking over instagram . winston is a very simple chameleon , he loves the sun , he loves trees , he loves women . he loves the simple things in life thats what matters owner justin tells
giant extinct burrowing bat unearthed in new zealand by palaeontologists: discovery highlights the diversity of life that has been lost from the island nation .
pakistani activists plan to build trans friendly mosque in islamabad
30 years ago a kenyan man studied in india . 30 years later a kenyan mp returns to repay his college debt of $3 to an indian grocer .
florida teacher helps end school shooting by talking to shooter until police arrive
extra attention is on the menu at this restaurant catering to cognitive disorders
elementary students help a couple get the honeymoon they were denied 60 years ago because of racism
mistreated and scarred as a pup , patriot the husky now helps children who have also been victims of abuse
strippers team up to distribute 3 , 000 turkeys to hungry families at thanksgiving
a taxi driver who fell in love with a sex worker , rescued her from the brothel and would soon tie the knot
#humanshield event ' symbolic gesture to show support ' for n . l . muslim community newfoundland &amp; labrador
photos: never too old for school say thailands elderly
woman ' s act of kindness for blind chicago cubs fan goes viral
buffalo launches nation ' s first opiate intervention court the buffalo news
veteran bikers heard this california marines remains were coming home in a usps box , so they stepped up in a big way !
all six of america ' s 2016 nobel prize winners are immigrants and some of them have started pointing this out while politicians on both side of the atlantic trade in anti immigrant rhetoric
a sisterhood of carpenters builds tiny houses for the homeless
local man listens to cubs ws win with his deceased father
the world population living in extreme poverty went from 94% of the world population in 1820 , down to 9 . 6% of the world population in 2015 .
my idol turned out to be my sister
crouching tiger , hidden dragon star chow yun fat plans to give his entire $714m fortune to charity
barun biswas , a teacher who gave his life to save a village from mass rapists
in the democratic republic of the congo the fight against sleeping sickness is advancing
community donates $20 , 000 to beekeepers after hives destroyed by vandals
4 year old boy and father ' show love ' , team up to feed homeless in atlanta
patagonian penguin alters migration each year to visit the man who saved his life
alberta man ' almost in tears ' after 1971 christmas gift from high school sweetheart finally opened
homeless man with great love for his dog touched by an angel
l . a . area muslims to help homeless on skid row in final days of ramadan
abandoned baby bunny nursed and adopted by gentle giant polish sheep dog .
the magician saving children from the streets
japanese neurosurgeons have implanted reprogrammed stem cells into the brain of a patient with parkinsons disease for the first time , that produce the neurotransmitter dopamine . if this trial goes well , they might have enough evidence for the treatment to be sold to patients as early as 2023 .
librarian helps donate more than 30 , 000 books to public library for students in kenya
we can do a lot more: navy vet walks to raise awareness of veteran suicide , homelessness
six year old terminally ill boy raises over 400 , 000 in under 24 hours for the red cross because ' it could be worse , some kids don ' t even live to be 6 '
female college student escapes kidnapping/robbing by two men during escalating crime spree by remaining calm and making a plan . . . . and driving a stick shift .
professor ' s response to student ' s absence: bring the baby
champs
affordable wind power
india plants 50 million trees in one day , smashing world record
christmas cheer: lost dog shows up at midnight mass
cubas generosity after chernobyl: cuba stepped forward and cared for over 20 , 000 young cancer victims from 1989 to 2011
while you were waiting for internet sensation april to give birth in new york , the denver zoo quietly welcomed a baby giraffe named dobby this morning
girl who lost arm after dog attack swims first race in inspirational video
2016 hasn ' t been as bad as you think , here are some good news stories that will definitely uplift your day !
man cleans and restores gravestones of veterans in his free time
a flexible and inexpensive ring that is inserted into the vagina , where it slowly releases an antiviral drug , helped protect african women against contracting h . i . v .
bhutan celebrates the birth of its prince by planting 108 , 000 trees
seal &gt; doctor &gt; astronaut
animal testing of cosmetics: meps call for worldwide ban
rhino poachers found eaten by lions
minnesota cat recovering after sneaking into washing machine , survives wash cycle
during layover in omaha , pilot goes ' above and beyond ' for 5 year old passenger flying solo
missing youtuber found ' safe and well ' after 10 days missing
cat saves family from fire by biting owner ' s arm in alberta , canada
all 19 black women running for judge in a texas race won last night
popeye ' s: teen registers people to vote while in chicken sandwich line
workers in the video games industry have formed a union for the first time in the uk .
chinese ' love ' trump ' s mandarin speaking granddaughter
[deleted by user]
renewables made more electricity than coal in europe in 2017
pettinger sets world records after losing leg in motorcycle accident
in 10 days , the internet raised over $9 , 946 to build a solar powered tiny home for a homeless 4 year old and her mom
jamaican businessman organizes trash collecting tournament removes over 11 , 000lbs of trash from sea
wwii shipmates reunite 74 years later thanks to a daughter ' s facebook post
inequality in mortality rate is falling in the us
battling custom of exiling menstruating women in kullu
australian doctor stefanie pender ' s mission to save lives in the mediterranean sea
103 year old cambodian woman becomes a u . s . citizen
new york changing the brain drain narrative
garbagemen bring joy to girl with cancer who waves to them through window
u . s . solar installations hit 2 million mark
woman sits outside almost every day for nine weeks to befriend homeless dog
102 year old becomes oldest skydiver in the world while jumping for charity
owl family at lowe ' s home improvement store draws crowds
this video claiming ink cartridges are a scam is going massively viral
kind hearted woman delays her flight to help out a distressed man with autism
china announced the successful launch of 8 , 000 water clean up initiatives in first half of 2017
incredible moment: mainer helps mainer win at beach to beacon 10k
son ' s plight makes scientist create drawing kit for blind
the power of respect is free
oxycontin maker will stop marketing opioid products to doctors amid scrutiny
disabled bosnian boy beats odds to become swimming champion
this man planted a tree every day for 35 years and created a forest larger than central park
hero dog waits to return home after saving owner ' s life
i ' m not crying . you ' re crying .
wild stag visits elderly woman at mountainside home twice a day: ' they are best friends '
' clark ' the kemp ' s ridley sea turtle rescued on navarre pier
cebu doctor waives fees for ' favorite teacher '
sherlock star benedict cumberbatch ' saves cyclist who was being attacked '
the liking gap: we underestimate how much people will like us when we first meet
' bacon response team ' : police officer ' s pigs bring cheer to n . c . children who have lost a sibling
10+ elderly couples that prove love has no age limit
they live a mile apart , didn ' t know they are sisters
crowd goes nuts after a bird lands onto bernie sanders podium in portland
why a california fishmonger bought a giant octopus , only to release it into the ocean
southern alberta students show off motorcycles built from scratch at biker build off
italian sailor uses mouth to mouth to revive kitten
young children in western queensland , australia are seeing rain for the first time in their lives as cyclone brings drought relieving rain .
willie nelson saves 70 horses from slaughterhouse to roam at his ranch in texas .
canada will be getting its first crowdfunded provincial park !
new zealand: animal welfare legislation recognizes animals as sentient
group donates 800 tamales to hundreds of homeless
region of the americas is declared free of measles
divers are attempting to regrow great barrier reef with electricity electrified metal frames have been shown to attract mineral deposits that help corals grow 3 to 4 times faster than normal .
connecticut man who shot up ahmadi mosque goes back for forgiveness and receives it
570 suspected cholera cases treated in 3 weeks in yemen: msf
white supremacist record company shuts down so owner can find ' self peace '
meanwhile , in new hampshire . . .
farmer forgoes millions to preserve agricultural gift for edmonton
town in italy starts using silent fireworks as a way of respecting their animals
how music therapy helped my premature baby
georgia girl who has read 1k books at age 4 visits library of congress , becomes honorary librarian
teacher took a few bullets for the classroom , take a few seconds to vote for him to win a vacation .
libraries across the country will let you pay overdue fees with donated food
man braves flood waters to save deer
colorado vet doc joe never turns away an animal , even if their owner is unable to pay the bill
this middle school principal in northern virginia is changing students lives .
when a newton family welcomed a baby who is deaf , 20 neighbors learned sign language
all houston students will eat for free this school year
when his son came out as gay , this pastor delivered a sermon of support
california senate defies fcc , approves net neutrality law
college president tells students he doesn ' t deal with demands
mn state patrol finds missing stearns county toddler and family dog , who ' d stayed with him
karnataka , an indian state now produces more renewable energy than netherlands and denmark
pennsylvania is expected to become the third state to ban child marriage entirely
muslim charity launches winter coat appeal for homeless
former student donates travel vouchers for entire lindley elementary staff a former student who now owns a travel agency gave teachers and staff a free vacation !
china scraps construction of 85 planned coal power plants in order to redirect investments totaling 2 . 5t yuan ( $363 . 75b ) into renewable energy sector
tehran cafe run by disabled raises spirits , combats stigma
final donation for man whose blood helped save 2 . 4 million babies
dachshund goes on a diet and loses 54 pounds !
toddler wakes up right when parents agree to remove life support , doctors call it easter miracle
the uks prison restaurants the clink , open to the public and staffed by inmates , see reoffending rates drop to 11% compared to 32% for similar inmates . all while providing inmates with vocational skills and qualifications for life outside prison .
more than $1 million raised for charity through congressional ball game after shooting
5 year old wrestling fan who has terminal illness recently had a replica title belt stolen . criminals feel remorse and return the stolen belt , along with apology and vow to get sober .
new study shows dogs adore human smiles ( and vice versa ! ) because of the ' love hormone '
homeless at 15 , u of a new grad earns 3 degrees
autistic oregon boy finds treasure in friendship with garbage truck driver
teenager sells newspapers for 5 years , pays for his college education .
australian cartoonist starts campaign to raise awareness of an abused , mentally ill cartoonist ' s plight with beautiful drawing submissions
reddit post reunites woman with gopro lost in the ocean
central park five receive standing ovation at bet awards
children rescued by good samaritans during storm that brought tornadoes to east texas
how #metoo is changing sex ed policies , even in red states
92 year old flower girl steals show at minnesota wedding
' i lost 112lbs and finally found love online ' laura celebrates her first anniversary after struggling with confidence for decades
pulse survivor angel colon meets the police officer who dragged him to safety
colombia ' s 1st bilingual security guard teaches himself 5 languages now helps others learn english
seattle ' s baby giraffe gets therapy shoes at woodland park zoo
muslim businessman gives 10% of his multi billion company to his employees .
couple says ' i do ' with ring pops after their real wedding rings were stolen
a range of maternity services are available in japan , including ones that give pregnant women priority when waiting for taxis . now messaging app line , with train company tokyo metro and dai nippon printing , hopes to provide a service that helps expectant mothers look for seats on crowded trains .
proud dad stevie wonder supports son , sings live on dancing with the stars: juniors
man with mild cerebral palsy joins the chicago white sox play by play team
6 year olds act of kindness touches hearts everywhere
high school students offer a silent ovation while a classmate with autism receives his diploma
the winning coach of today ' s afl ( australian football league ) grand final luke beveridge presenting his medal to the injured skipper , bob murphy , who was unable to play and would have otherwise not received a medal .
immediate fossil fuel phaseout could arrest climate change study
trump overrules devos , restores special olympics funding
western australian community pitches in to help dairy farmer diagnosed with prostate cancer
a guru in kalyug who travels 50 kms everyday to teach his only student
this one really got to me in an awesome way .
holocaust deniers fail to wreck oregon legislative hearing on educating about nazi crimes
first baby in u . s . born via uterus transplant at baylor
amsterdam becomes the first dutch municipality to recognise the climate crisis
mum and daughter saved from crash by snapchat
couple to marry at cleveland hopkins baggage claim , where they first met
ireland: first time drug offenders to be referred to health service and not courts in policy overhaul
iraqi refugee family are reunited with their beloved kitty in norway , after being separated from her on lesbos .
police roadside stop ends in marriage proposal
suspicious gym bag in houston turned out to be bag of cats
female powerlifter with liver cancer just pulled 501lbs !
more than 10 million well to do indians voluntarily give up government subsidy benefits on lpg gas so that the poorer section can get more subsidy benefit
exploded iskcon temple in leicester is replaced , monks have finally moved into their new home after an explosion that destroyed their former temple six years ago
' the man who loves ducks ' : the refugee saving animals on manus
over 1 million brits sign petition to prevent trump from visiting the queen .
olympic leftovers feed rio ' s homeless
amazon mexico has setup a wish list that will deliver directly to the mexican red cross .
how a selfie cracked daish in k p the express tribune
roller derby jammer makes olympic speed skating team after training for four months
someone is trying to reunite a lost teddy bear with it ' s owner in the aftermath of the mountainburg , ar tornado using a billboard ad .
the ' seinfeld ' cast made touching videos for a terminally ill fan
11 million new trees to be planted in england by water companies
man ' s kind facebook post rallies community to save struggling restaurant
gujarat cancelling 4 gigawatt coal power plant as india moves away from coal
ohio man , 100 , marries 102 year old woman and life is good
what an amazing family ! they used their own tragedy to bring joy to other youth !
struggling icecream vendor , 89 . sparks $150k crowdfund
cat trapped in a deep well for more than year in pakistan finally rescued : ' )
carbon monoxide poisoning may have saved woman ' s life
' hitler paintings ' go unsold at nuremberg auction
israeli buys palestinian girl a new bike after border guards broke hers ( x post /r/news )
this floating pipe is trying to clean up all the plastic in the ocean a 2 , 000 foot long floating pipe nicknamed wilson is about to start its mission to collect all the plastic in the middle of the pacific ocean .
water saving measures in california have translated into 1 , 830 gwh total electricity savings , and a greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions reduction of 521 , 000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalents ( mt co2e ) , which is equivalent to taking about 111 , 000 cars off the road for a year . ( xpost /r/science )
former wounded warrior is spending his retirement volunteering at walter reed
grieving dog owner gets a sweet surprise after asking for a refund
missing 3 y/o found safe next morning with faithful old dog keeping her safe
romania bans trophy hunting of brown bears , wolves , lynx and wild cats .
six things billy graham believed
elephants think humans are cute , just like humans think puppies are
video: lincoln diy boss and ' band of builders ' transform terminally ill employee ' s home
strangers build 10 year old girl a wheelchair ramp after seeing her mother struggling
goat and ups driver form unlikely friendship: ' she is always around for a great laugh '
10 year old gives 600 pairs of shoes to people in need
brooklyn company employs more than 100 blind workers
an indian man has been voluntarily burying unidentified and unclaimed bodies for the past 19 years .
boston marathon bombing survivor engaged to fireman who saved her life: roseann sdoia to marry mike materia after he came to her aid in terror attack that cost her her leg
syrian refugee comes to the rescue of canadian bride ' s wedding dress
deputy saves 12 day old babies life during a traffic stop
teddy bear population makes an awesome recovery
at a childrens hospital , a jewish family carries on its santa tradition 47 years and counting
retired lawyer peter steele plans round the world journey to help save the koala
meet the man whose quick thinking helped raise more than $8 million for las vegas victims
good lawyers do exist: trump ordered mueller fired , but backed off when white house counsel threatened to quit
orlando hospitals won ' t bill survivors of pulse shooting
time to take the 4s out for a spin
utah reduced chronic homelessness by 91 percent . here ' s how .
kerala a southern state in india wont give building permits until you plant trees .
relax , you probably call your mom enough
medics battle blizzard to make transplant happen
officer helps build basketball court after video of him playing with kids goes viral
siblings together again after 50 years: family reunites , donates to food pantry during branson visit
first legal crop of marijuana has started to grow in maryland
veteran overwhelmed with joy after reunion with dog taken from him 7 weeks ago
hong kong confirmed measles free
gift of milkshakes: mcdonald ' s helps local teen battling sickle cell
the family of a baby boy who passed away aged 142 days old in 2017 have raised a staggering 20 , 000 for extra help in neonatal intensive care units
this kid is amazing ! even limbless he is a better dancer than me .
awesome dad gets tattoo on his head to match son ' s cancer surgery scar
dad booked 6 flights to join flight attendant daughter on christmas
jimmy carter back to building houses after hip surgery
how a coolie ' s son set up a rs 100 crore company ( x post r/india )
uae landmarks light up in colours of belgian flag as country condemns attacks | the national
58% of us adults have library cards , and libraries outnumber mcdonalds restaurants by several thousand in the us
' he wanted to help kids that were like him ' : frugal carpenter saved up to give full college scholarships to 33 strangers
school counselor hailed as hero for talking student out of shooting others
critically endangered mountain bongo numbers increase: restocking scheme and community education helps dwindling population climb in kenya . . . sub species is found in dense mountain forests , and is threatened due to illegal hunting , logging , disease and loss of habitat .
blind triplets see through others eyes with the help of a smartphone . . . .
touching tribute to ' hipster ' grandpa in china goes viral
military veteran groups " call for assistance " for bullied 10 year old in fort wayne , in . many show up
thousands of leading ai researchers sign pledge against killer robots co founder of google deepmind and ceo of spacex amongst the 2 , 400 signatories of pledge to block lethal autonomous weapons
strangers go the extra mile to return precious memories to vancouver bound woman
muslim crowdfunding raises over $60k in 4 days for san bernardino victims
oil company ensures a peaceful pregnancy to a polar bear who chose to dig her maternity den under a bridge
82 , 719 polio booths ( for 12 mn children ) will be set up in the indian state maharashtra for the vaccination drive . . . . . and there is an anti vaxxer movement in our western countries
sailor misses olympics , flys there anyway to clean rio ' s bay
10k donate metro cards after inauguration , women ' s march
update: wwf buys shark fishing licence on great barrier reef to scrap it ( they made it and now they ' re going for a second license ! )
girl with no legs goes on to have inspirational 15 year long career as a village doctor making house calls
4 , 000 volunteers around the world helped san diego zoo global complete more than two years of conservation work in only two months
cuomo to push legalizing recreational marijuana in new york by early 2019
ndonesian sprinter who could barely afford shoes for training wins 100m gold at the youth world championship in finland
92 year old veterans service dog will follow me to the end of the earth
86 year old man teaches himself to knit so he can give 300 hats to premature babies
san diego to open 3 new shelters for city ' s homeless
woman saves bus on her first ride in 25 years
women ' s funeral had no attendees , so 30 strangers showed up
possibly changed the heart of a potential mass murderer .
eating cheese does not increase risk of heart attack or strokes , say researchers
heres how fungi influence global plant colonisation
google might remove chrome ' s backspace navigation shortcut
historic french castle is saved and restored after 27 , 000 people from 100 countries donate money
winner of $1 . 5b mega millions , record prize for single winner , comes forward in so . carolina
richmond school honoring confederate general to be renamed for obama
service dog reunited with family during news story about missing service dog .
iraqi refugee finds love with macedonian border guard
a classic that always melts my heart: stray dog falls in with extreme cross country race team , sticks with them through rest of race , finds forever home .
ban the box bill signed into law in colorado the box previously asked applicants if they have any criminal history
first graders help surprise their teacher with adorable proposal
project aims to grow a ' city of trees ' a project aims to plant three million trees one for every man , woman and child in greater manchester over the next 25 years .
texas church abolishes over $10 million in medical debt for local families
britain vows to end gay conversion therapy as survey reveals ' burning injustices '
wilmington mans system provides clean water to developing nations
amazon , apple and 13 other top companies with the most $100 , 000 job openings this month
how to stop birds smashing into windows; one city is making its buildings bird friendly .
new understanding of exercise may help in the fight against depression
uplifting news in review 5/21/17 to 5/28/17
woman notices that a homeless woman is freezing she organizes a 24 hour sew a thon to make quilts
argentine woman becomes first nursery teacher with down ' s syndrome
trevor the lonely duck gets tiny island of niue in a flap . arrival of lone bird has surprised and delighted pacific atolls residents who bring food and spend time topping up its puddle
phillipines passes law requiring students to plant 10 trees if they want to graduate .
man , 90 , saved in fire by rutgers camden students rushing in burning building
when the local blockbuster closed , these parents built a store for autistic son in their house
fellow farmers help grieving indiana man harvest over 100 acres in one day
judge refuses to dismiss charges against iowa man who burned lgbt library books
emirati woman wakes up from coma after almost 30 years
kansas teaches refugees the business of farming to help them rebuild lives
yesterday my dad was brought back to life by his team mates and staff who performed cpr and used defibrillator after he collapsed playing indoor soccer
k9 police dog ' kisses ' his partner while posing for official photo
judge blocks gops lame duck power grab in wisconsin , restores early voting
newborn baby shares birthday with mom and dad
syrian refugee and german scientist make an unlikely team
digital addiction getting you down ? try an analog cure
dog rescues struggling fawn from lake
' way too short ' : brothers separated for 70 years allowed brief reunion
lyft ' s ceo john zimmer drives for his app on nye with his mom annually , donates $10 , 000 to mothers against drunk driving &amp; offers all customers free rides during the evening to help prevent duis
louisville airport will be renamed after muhammad ali
what the confederate stranger and a small town in maine can teach us about human decency
intel plans ' stacked ' circuits in bid to regain its chipmaking lead
white grandmother mistakenly invites black teen to thanksgiving dinner via text and tells him to come eat anyway .
abandoned dying kitten nursed back to health &amp; saved by work colleague &lt;3
woman wakes up from vegetative state after 28 years: our primary goal was to grant her fragile consciousness the opportunity to develop and prosper within a healthy body , just like a delicate plant which needs good soil to grow , dr ahmad ryll , a neurology specialist who treated ms abdulla
california father intends to live stream birth of son to family members accidently streams to the whole internet .
the israeli dogs that can detect cancer
boy who suffered up to 100 seizures a day has none in 300 days after being prescribed cannabis oil
uk supermarket giant tesco to give all its leftover food to charity by 2017
china launches large scale land greening campaign
reykjavik turns off street lights to turn up the northern lights
france wants to ban sale of gas and diesel cars by 2040 , end coal by 2022
the touching story of a canadian teacher who saved mano the chimp from animal traffickers in iraq
cincinnati radio station playing christmas music in september for 2 year old with cancer
urban beekeeping program results in ' amazing change ' in homeless men
dog , believed killed by neighbor , turns up one year later , 68 miles from home
hospitals prepare to launch their own drug company to fight high prices and shortages
brazilian rafaela silva almost quit judo because of racism . now she ' s an olympic gold medalist .
police rally around homeless teen who rode 50 miles on childs bike to college
this website was created by a young man with cerebral palsy using only his eyes ! !
a truck driver from brooklyn wins $298 million powerball jacpot
lewis county health officials fight suicide with free coffee
japanese divorce laws change to allow women to remarry at any time , in line with laws for men
one of the most endangered birds on the planet just had a huge bounce back .
billionaire arnault ' s family and lvmh to donate 200 million euros for paris ' notre dame
puppy stolen in home burglary returned to owner
the magic and solidarity of celebrating christmas in a 95% muslim country
it ' s ironic that capitalist market forces might protect the environment from trump ' s government .
[india] a persons choice of a partner is a fundamental right , and it can include same sex partner . neither the state nor ones parents can influence an adults choice of partner: justice d . y . chandrachud
an infant did not have any hospital visitors for five months . so this nurse adopted her .
7th grader wins awards for ' remarkable ' cancer research
steve bartman gets a world series ring from chicago cubs
terminally ill boy dies in santa ' s arms
swedens recycling is so good , the country has run out of garbage . they now have to import rubbish from other countries to keep their recycling plants going .
homeless man moves into a house after 33 years and has first hot shower in more than a decade .
a menstrual pad movie wins an oscar
passerby kicks open door , rescues dog from home during garage fire in brighton
daughter ' s tribute to father who attempted suicide
doctors tiniest survivor weighed just 12 oz . , now they say shes a miracle .
chile creates national parks from donated land .
96 year old wwii vet gets degree delayed by nearly 7 decades
new jersey grandfather finds lottery ticket worth $24 million in old shirt
dog survives 300 foot fall
nurse adopts girl who had no visitors during hospital stay
not exactly news but , definitely uplifting to see this in the wild : )
otter found living under garbage bin in downtown winnipeg
puppy drags his new blanket outside so that a homeless dog could sleep on it
the seven megatrends that could beat global warming: ' there is reason for hope '
pastor and wife adopt homeless baby brothers left on their church doorsteps .
man says he can go to college after winning lottery prize
home foreclosure rates are hitting record lows in the u . s .
couple surprised on wedding day by man who received their 11 year old son ' s heart: ' its something weve always wanted '
thousands sign petition asking for fines against people who call 911 to complain about amber alerts
helping premature babies
pulsepoint app saves a life by notifying nearby paramedic student on a date , that cpr was needed at restaurant .
seven mile ' bee corridor ' coming to london to boost declining population: the pathway for bees will be formed of 22 meadows sown through parks and green spaces in the north west of the capital .
uber rob offers free ferry to flood stranded locals
woman , 26 , becomes the worlds youngest airline captain
canadian student discovers breakthrough for treating cancer and hiv .
donors step up after thieves steal nonverbal nc boys $7 , 300 speech device
man arrested after teenage girl asks kentucky fried chicken employees for help , says she was abducted and held
puerto rico governor bans gay conversion therapy for minors
dozens of parents commit $1 million to help build autism community in denton , texas
by 2020 , cigarettes in australia will cost $40 a packet
ozzy osbourne using cannabis oil for his recovery from pneumonia ? apprently still has to cancel all 2019 tour dates though : (
after losing his house in the 2013 bushfires that devastated dunalley , scott griffiths built his gym on the spot where his house once stood . starting with a few local youths , he has created a nurturing and empowering culture where young and old members are supported and encouraged .
abducted texas 8 year old girl , found safe !
edie windsor , the 87 year old lgbtq activist whose lawsuit against the federal government helped paved the way for same sex marriage nationwide , has gotten remarried
thousands of muslims donate 10 tonnes of food to help homeless londoners at christmas
california drought officially over after more than seven years
microsoft founder gates commits $100 million for fund , start ups , to fight alzheimer ' s
alpine air at work ? delhi eyes novel ways to battle smog
11 year old girl donates allowance to help get bulletproof vests for k 9s in ohio
rejected by parents , gay valedictorian is going to college , with $50k from donors
to inspire disabled daughter , dad creates a whole new kind of comic book superhero
the baton rouge police department donates unclaimed bicycles to the homeless . police say the donation is intended to help people searching for job opportunities around the area .
mail carrier ' saves christmas ' rescuing parcels from burning truck
a cancer ' vaccine ' is completely eliminating tumors in mice
after calling off engagement , woman donates wedding venue to deserving couple
zoo brings in ob gyn for humans to deliver baby gorilla
vintage cinema experience kept alive by volunteers at manildra ' s historic amusu theatre in central west new south wales
ancient mexican structure is a miniature model of the universe , say archaeologists: underwater shrine appears to represent the beginning of space and time in mesoamerican mythology .
sofia spends a lot of her time writing letters to children who have lost loved ones . it ' s something the 9 year old knows too much about .
tesla , others help puerto ricans go solar amid power turmoil
pitbull makes a miraculous full recovery , after being wrapped in a plastic bag and stuck in a garbage chute for 2 weeks .
shirtless firefighter rescues kittens from sewer
supplying the hebron charitable clinic with medicine
sweden ' s recycling is so revolutionary the country has run out of rubbish
the runner who triumphed after losing his sight
seattle seahawks linebacker cassius marsh offers reward for stolen ' magic: the gathering ' cards , gets gift from wizards of the coast
[india] kochi installs public fridge where people can leave food for the homeless !
bill to ban 2 sunscreen chemicals in hawaii advances to floor vote: hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to pass a law banning the sales of over the counter sunscreens containing chemicals believed to harm coral reefs if hawaii legislators vote to pass it on tuesday .
italy bans unvaccinated children from school
7 life lessons from a guy who cant move anything but his face
scientists seek ways to finally take a real measure of pain
indian mp recommends local fishermen for nobel peace prize
california rescuers free humpback snagged by fishing anchors
muslim groups raise enough money to cover funeral costs for all pittsburgh victims
( x post from r/philippines ) father of 2 , janitor for 3 years passes 2016 bar exams
indian athlete man kaur , 101 , wins 100m at world masters games
india issues medical visa to ailing pakistani child
congress to make members pay out of pocket for sexual harassment settlements
brazilian mother turns detective to get justice for son
park ranger furloughed during shutdown wins lottery
indiana girl , 9 , finds sunburned newborn baby abandoned in back yard
new rules would require airlines to refund baggage fees for delayed luggage
after 17 years , terry gilliam has a man who killed don quixote update: " well , weve almost finished the cut
barack obama: ' drug addiction is a health problem , not a criminal problem '
clinically dead veteran miraculously wakes up
stranger allows baby to rest on her chest during flight
cancer&lt;teddy bears
gucci donated 500k to help parkland survivors
a minnesota woman donated her kidney to firefighter who rushed to help her daughter after a seizure
hero nurse performs cpr on pregnant car crash victim
a man donated rs 94 to kerala relief fund he earned from begging
marine vet amir hekmati among four u . s . citizens released by iran
heroic hopkins student saves dog from burning car
the hunt for black gold: is california the world ' s next truffle hotspot ?
son hails shop for mum ' s alzheimer ' s help: uk supermarket continues to employ woman after her diagnosis . finding new jobs she was able to complete as her condition worsened , until she could no longer work .
homecoming king passes crown to friend . . .
all 12 kids and their coach are out of the thai cave; incredible rescue effort .
activists building houses for poor people
drake had a $996k budget for " god ' s plan " videohe gave it all away
kawasaki city became the first municipality in japan to establish guidelines on preventing hate speech groups from using parks and other public facilities to spread their messages of discrimination and fear .
researchers developed a technique to turn nearly a quarter of our plastic waste into fuel the process could help convert millions of tons of plastic we generate every year into an gasoline and diesel like fuel .
man with down syndrome honored for working at same mcdonald ' s for 27 years
a daughter asked strangers to send birthday cards to her elderly father and the response she got was amazing
bill gates just traveled halfway around the world to look at a toilet " why the world deserves a better toilet
q&amp;a: ex health insurance exec wendell potter now fights for single payer
restaurant owner fed emergency workers for free during westminster attack
elon musks tweets are now a coloring book thanks to this artist
syrian refugees in alberta are giving back to those who were made homeless in this week ' s wildfires
students cheer when electricity finally restored to a school in puerto rico months after hurricane maria
manatees to officially be upgraded from " endangered " to " threatened " .
deer and goats shelter ostrich rejected by fellow birds at siberia zoo
teen who biked 50 miles to college gets new car thanks to kindness of stranger
a baby cut from his mother ' s womb after she was killed opens his eyes
10 year old ' kidpreneur ' invented the only candy to be served at this year ' s white house easter egg roll
renewable energy share hits all time high in india ( 13 . 2% of electricity )
hero neighbour rescues disabled couple trapped in brisbane house fire
reptiles expert from fire brigade saves ball python from garden in dusseldorf
paraguay now malaria free
someone donated a cooler filled with weed to goodwill . never know what you ' ll find there !
sheriffs department in oakhurst , ca decides to give out holiday gifts rather than citations to unsuspecting drivers .
it mysteriously vanished from england after long hot summer of 1976 , but chequered skipper butterfly has taken to skies again as part of bid to revive 20 endangered species . dozens of fast flying butterflies released in secret location in northamptonshire forest after disappearing in 1976 .
memorial park dedicated to the victims of the great white concert fire to open
for six decades , the man with the golden arm donated blood and saved 2 . 4 million babies
garbageman insists on finishing his route during camp fire so he can check on elderly , evacuates a 93 year old woman
hundreds of israelis gather to pray for people of war torn syria
homeless man went into bar to find work and had his life changed
former school food service worker ' s life insurance pays for school lunches
deer falls through pool cover , gets rescued by police
japan sets a new record number for people over 100 years old and almost all are women
third ward teen offered full ride to 20 universities , including four ivy leagues
kids form human arrow to point police helicopter to suspects
captive circus elephant rhea has just been rescued by wildlife sos and she is about to be reunited with two of her former elephant cellmates ! !
childhood sweethearts separated as kids reunite years later and get married
woman moved to tears by teens who stop to help homeless man
man journeys from living under a bridge to boston marathon
north and south korea agree to carry single flag at winter olympics and field joint women ' s ice hockey team . ( r/world news )
the under five global mortality rate of children has dropped more than half since 1990
' amazing ' news about the awful guinea worm parasite nearly eradicated
instead of arresting a woman accused of shoplifting , these nypd cops paid for her groceries
teen who once lived in homeless shelters , gets a full ride to his dream school , harvard
seattle has openly transgender cop . he has been met with acceptance and support from his peers
the homeless california guy from a couple days ago got a job ! ! !
disney heir calls on company to give 50% of exec bonuses to lowest paid employees
logan paul is ending his daily vlogs
with all the cuts in education funding right now , figured this belonged here .
a waitress mistakenly served a customer a $5 , 000 bottle of wine . her manager took to twitter to forgive her .
couple last year distributed more than 1000l of water to people stuck on the road because of a fire . one year after when facing unemployment and sickness dozens of people offered them food , jobs and free doctor appointments
dad goes on a 20 , 000 mile roadtrip to drop his daughter off on her first day in college
84 year old woman wins indoor skydiving adventure for her dream day
this navy seal , james hatch , now working to save dogs
mexican physicists solve millennia old optics problem
architecture students rebuild new town library
diy store boss transforms cancer suffer employee ' s house whilst he ' s on holiday with the help of local builders and suppliers and sets up a fundraising page for his children .
no rhinos poached in nepal for the past two years
uk government announces end of fossil fuel heating systems in new houses from 2025
the marathon men: suicidal man will run alongside stranger who talked him down from a bridge
coast guard helps rescue man after 2 months adrift in pacific
electric buses: wales ' first to hit the roads in newport bbc news
elon musk keeps his word , pays for water filtration systems in flint schools cnet
meet the epic 13 year old boy who used an air mattress to save 17 of his neighbors during hurricane harvey
dog saves south carolina man who fell into a river
giant american chestnut tree brings hope for endangered tree species .
it ' s johnny cash ' s birthday !
ulster orangeman defies order ' s anti gay stance and walks lesbian daughter down the aisle
working class fighter donates his bonus to opponent in need
shaquem griffin , a linebacker and an amputee with one hand , was just drafted by the seattle seahawks in the nfl draft
pittsburgh woman donates kidney to stranger after seeing facebook plea for help
colin kapernick finished his pledge to donate a million dollars to charity like he said he would .
new hampshire repealed the death penalty
ring found , returned to indiana man who traveled to florida to restore energy
stranger pays $150 toward christmas gifts
little kids rock: nonprofit reaches 500k kids through pop , rap music
waiter talks with 91 year old veteran .
local police give unexpected gift .
mountain gorillas no longer critically endangered , moving one step further from being extinct .
philippine lawyers to file murder complaint against police in latest teen killing
three puppies found alive 5 days after italy avalanche
a man risks his life bringing toys to syrian children in aleppo
no money to pay for a meal ? no problem just work for 50 minutes . that is the recipe to combat hunger for ms sekai kobayashi , 33 , a former engineer who will not turn away penniless customers at her restaurant mirai shokudo ( translated as future eatery ) in tokyo .
lost dog reunited with owners after two weeks in crocodile infested mangroves
snow leopards no longer endangered
dog pulls baby deer from water to save it from drowning
vanilla cones at dq then and now
nyc mayor signs free tampons for schools , jails , shelters into law
virginia 7 year old raises nearly $10 , 000 for elementary schools in flint , michigan
eu launches free rail tickets for 18 year olds this summer , 15 , 000 young europeans will get free train tickets to travel within the eu . the discovereu program seeks to counter populism and promote europe by making cultural exchanges more accessible .
china has decided to extend its so called " toilet revolution " for three more years with an eye on attracting both domestic and foreign tourists . the government announced on sunday , 19 november , that it plans to refurbish or set up more than 64 , 000 public toilets between 2018 and 2020 .
vegan women fight to protect endangered animals in africa
dog found in trash bag finds forever home
cops enlist nba team to get new shoes ( size 17 ) for 7 foot tall homeless man
victims of acid attack in france forgive mentally ill attacker , use platform to advocate for the mentally ill
fbi seeks to repatriate the remains of nearly 500 native americans stolen from their ancient graves by amateur collector
teacher in pakistan greets students everyday taking inspiration from viral internet videos
familys dog turns up 10 years after vanishing from home
a disabled 19 year old girl from my town was found today after being lost in new york city for 10 days
mlb player max scherzer donates to help pets made homeless by hurricane harvey
gofundme set up for the hero trolleyman , who thwarted a terrorist , has raised almost triple its original target in less than a day .
rcmp would like to remind you only you can prevent unauthorized cleaning .
' geordi laforge ' glasses allow blind woman to see her baby for the first time
stranger gives barbershop to man behind ' haircuts for homeless '
falling total fertility rate should be welcomed , population expert says | world news
un says earth ' s ozone layer is healing
an italian town fell silent so the sounds of a stradivarius could be preserved
nestle , disney pull youtube ads , joining furor over child videos
a peanut allergy cure ? big news on new treatments for 6 million kids
domino ' s pizza offers local road repair funding as congress dawdles
pupil buys teacher trainers he ' s wanted since he was 12 years old
army crawling special needs cat finds forever home after consistently being overlooked
couple invites wedding party to target to shop for toys for tots
project for awesome 2016 as of this post over $500 , 000 is going to charities !
well , that ' s nice .
mans gesture in memory of beloved dog sparks mass donation of balls to animal shelters
olympian ibtihaj muhammad honored with first ever hijab wearing barbie
small town barber dies and leaves $1 . 4 million to town ' s library
the change i like to see in the world
at ' solo , ' a lancaster boy will celebrate his own science fiction miracle
toddler with one arm lights up meeting soccer hero that looks just like him .
us surpasses 2 million solar installations
college students spend spring break voluntarily installing solar panels
these kids get shelter dogs ' tails wagging by reading them tales
marriott hotel removing all plastic straws from its 6500 hotels , lets go save them turtles
german hiker , stuck on the pacific crest trail , saved by a stranger
with the help of hundreds of people , a humpback whale stranded on a beach in southeastern brazil has returned to the ocean
small surprise in redbox movie case brings immense joy to kansas family
petaluma first responders whip up dinner for elderly woman when she accidentally hit her lifeline
sadness is considered to be one of the basic human emotions and it is a natural response to situations involving psychological , emotional , and/or physical pain .
france bans all 5 neonicotinoid pesticides linked to bee deaths .
former long term homeless man wins place at cambridge university
young entrepreneurs simple button keeps people with dementia from wandering off
teens push car 7 km down ontario highway to help stranger
seattle tv station pays off medical debts for 1 , 000 people
in indias sikkim state , trees are up for adoption like humans
facebook ' s request to dismiss lawsuit regarding improper sharing of 87 million users data with cambridge analytica rejected
new zealand pledges to be predator free by 2050
how one teachers harrowing escape from vietnam led to success in and out of the classroom
radio host helping the homeless
state government meeting opens with hail satan prayer; officials storm out
tom hardy ' s beloved dog woody died , and he wrote the sweetest tribute
hospital throws princess themed party to discharge toddler after recovering from successful spinal surgery .
when muslims got blocked at american airports , u . s . veterans rushed to help
officer helps rescue holiday cheer for local family .
i felt worthless: how the homeless world cup changes lives
man needing kidney donation wore t shirt that said in need of kidney and it worked
an area nearly twice the size of england will become a ' blue belt ' of protected waters after the government created 41 new marine conservation zones .
schoolgirls used airbed to rescue man and child
woman gets lifetime bus pass for 103rd birthday
nurse discovers 28 year old colleague was premature baby she cared for
on saturday , muslim youth took to the streets to help fellow americans " meet a muslim " in over 80 cities
boy battling leukemia has bike stolen , sheriff department brings him new one .
mom who went to classes with quadriplegic son gets mba
tuition will be free for all n . y . u . medical school students
pokemon go is sparking craigslist missed connections across the country
nepal sees tiger population go to 63% since 2009
drake visits patient , 11 , on same night as cancelled toronto tour stop
' this couple has made history ' : first husband wife b 2 pilots retire together
new jersey transit conductor stops train to rescue dog from tracks
he walked how long ? teen who walked five hours to work now drives , thanks to police and gofundme campaign
shut down by licenses and inspections , haircuts 4 the homeless barber back in action
canada geese hold up traffic on high level bridge edmonton
dog lost for 9 years reunited with family
nyc family raises $135 , 000 to build custom bathroom for son with rare skin disease
shivering but alive , pilot survives crash into saratoga passage .
chinese kids climb 800m bamboo ladder to get home
woman creates dog hospice , makes sure their final days are the best days
end of fillings in sight as scientists grow tooth enamel and repair damage
denver family raises over $15k for neighbor shot while stopping thieves burglarizing their home
medical staff stop what they ' re doing , line hospital walls in ' walk of respect ' for organ donor
funds flood in for interracial couple who were victims of hate crime
india: first 3d printed titanium vertebrae implant helps 32 year old woman walk again
driver suffers heart attack , stops bus to save passengers .
adorable video of panda keeper wearing life size costume to play with cubs
from rural cambodia to the united statesand back: an interview with vatey srun kea
22 friends shave their heads to show support for teenager battling cancer !
mother ' s dying wish was to see son graduate , so the ceremony moved to her hospital room
85 year old veteran arne mayala takes up tap dancing , checking item off bucket list
why the key to really ending inequality is little children
officer responds to noise complaint; body cam captures wedding dance practice
malaria death rates in sub saharan africa have declined 57% since 2000
georgia triplets graduate summa cum laude from high school
subway singer is so absurdly talented , you ' ll be reaching for the tissues
scotland to roll out free sanitary products for low income women
a coral reef revival an unexpected breakthrough in the quest to save coral reefs
indian americans raise $100 , 000 for kansas man who took a bullet
joggers in bras , panties , briefs raise money for sick kids
stowaway cat survives 3 weeks in shipping container from china to b . c .
dad has alzheimer ' s and can ' t remember , but his memory returns when he sings with his son
video: uganda minister of health disguised herself as patient to catch corrupt hospital staff collecting bribes
man places battery powered christmas tree lights throughout fire ravaged northern california community
woman goes into labor early , gives birth at nebraska zoo kate scanlon 50 mins
housing for veterans in need breaks ground in chesterfield twp
sailor reunited with missing yacht after it ' s found 2000 miles away on kerry beach
heartwarming post tells story of walmart cashier who helped nervous man count change
350 scientists back dutch school kids climate demonstration up to 10 , 000 secondary school pupils are expected to gather in the hague on thursday to protest about climate change .
pentagon waives repayment of more than $190 million from california national guard members
entergy donates $35 , 000 for books to restock libraries at two flooded north br schools
progress in brain computer interface gives paralyzed patients more control
emily austen taken off air for inappropriate comments
man adopts 45 dogs and sets them free on his four acres of land
a frugal social worker left $11 million to children ' s charities in his will .
homeless shower program seeks redding council ok to expand
a michigan hotel is offering free accommodations for anyone traveling for an abortion
olympic swimmer saves drowning man in sardinia cnn
from nothing to gangbusters: a treatment for sickle cell disease proves effective in africa
new malaria vaccine is fully effective in very small clinical trial
canada bans single use plastic by 2021
in welcome move , no circus in india can now make wild animals perform tricks
messi sends afghan ' plastic shirt boy ' a signed jersey
great end of year news ! from today ( 31st december ) the sale of elephant ivory becomes illegal in china , the world ' s biggest market for it .
taylor swift gave one of her oldest fans the best christmas surprise ever
taiwan just passed a law to make it illegal to kill abadoned dogs &amp; cats saving over 100 , 0000 pets each year
rescued goat loves ups driver
free pet food for federal workers
daisy , lola , honey bunny and garbo are part of the class of 2017 of therapy dogs
ea ' s day of reckoning is here after ' star wars ' game uproar , $3 billion in stock value wiped out
bullied teen ' s push to put kindness ahead of good grades
woman who brought romance and beaut blokes to a struggling town has a few tips for australia ' s northern territory in the outer darwin rural area of howard springs , men outnumber women almost three to one .
school climate strikes expected to be largest yet: students around the world are walking out of lessons to demand politicians take urgent action on climate change
once homeless , hairstylist gives back to others at lake eola in orlando
first 2018 kauai hawaiian monk seal pup is a female: kauais first monk seal pup of the season has already been weaned and the large pup is learning to forage for her own food on the south side .
oreo is releasing ' most stuf oreos ' in 2019 , and it ' s their biggest cookie yet
nanotechnology effective for treating acute kidney injury
gamer finds starcraft source code
silver lining: vandalized morristown church getting big help from newark businessman
a very good dog hunts very bad ants
baseball stadium usher didn ' t know a " simple act of kindness " was an extraordinary gift for a toddler
zoo: victoria the rhino is pregnant after historic scientific breakthrough
it was like he was an angel: how a well prepared er doctor on skis saved a boys life after a mountain crash
arkansas mom buys all shoes in closing payless store to donate to kids in need
mumbai cops celebrate birthday of 82 yr old woman they call mom
man saves two parrots on the don valley freeway in toronto , names them don and valley
ozzy osbourne steps in to replace newfoundland mans stolen cds
child abuse survivor , 40 , finds forgiveness and empowers other abused kids: it is my job | he started camp confidence to give foster kids a sense of worth .
police officer who saved boy from drowning meets him as a grown man
dogs will be up for adoption after horrible hoarding case
mardi gras krewe pays for security cameras , ems gear , police dog for new orleans pd
deer photobombs couples engagement shoot
scientists have discovered an entirely new class of cancer killing agents that show promise in eradicating cancer stem cells . their findings could prove to be a breakthrough in not only treating tumors , but ensuring cancer doesn ' t return years later .
first bison calves born in banff national park in over 140 years
5 year old boy battling leukemia sweetly proposes to his favorite nurse
norwegian city will spend 1 , 4 million usd on internet for the poor .
movies with more diverse casts also make more money at the box office
new zealand pm jacinda ardern and her partner name their baby daughter after the maori word for love
dying woman picks road trip over chemotherapy
3 grandmothers , all sisters , answer single mom ' s call for help with triplets
in the past two years , the global economy has grown by 6 . 5 percent , but carbon dioxide emissions from energy generation and transport have not grown at all , the international energy agency ( iea ) reported last month .
poles donate record amounts of szlachetna paczka care packages
the government is pledging to end smoking in england by 2030 as part of a range of measures to tackle the causes of preventable ill health .
in the thanksgiving spirit , i thought i ' d share this story : teacher determined to buy 650 new bikes for every student in her school for christmas !
' it has rejected stigma in favor of inclusion ' irelands first autism friendly town
dog reunited with family 101 days after california wildfire
these ailing veterans didnt have caregivers at home . so they were taken in by a foster family .
tech rocket helps empower the smart sistas of vanuatu
21 year old humboldt broncos player logan boulet on life support , will donate organs . logan signed his donor card as soon as he turned 21 , and that even in his passing he would be a hero .
boy spends allowance to cover classmates ' lunch debt
green light: india to near clean energy goals in 2019
belize , home of the largest barrier reef in the western hemisphere , has permanently suspended oil operations in its ocean waters .
friends , family and strangers throw surprise wedding for fort mcmurray couple who lost their home to wildfire
on the bright side , today was a great day for recreational , and medical marijuana !
disabled marine vet visits a little boy to show him that his disability can ' t hold him back
dog returns home 10 years after going missing
chance the rapper is starting a new awards show to honor teachers .
a 92 year old south korean mother reunited with her south korean son after a 68 year separation
meet the deported nurse aiding asylum seekers at us mexico border
toyota ' s eco billboards reduce pollution
shadow of war developer who died of cancer immortalised as an in game orc slayer . money from selling that dlc will be sent to his family .
mom survived 6 days without lungs
sister margaret , a chainsaw wielding savior after irma
police seek good samaritan who helped rescue sex slave
that awful trump kid who tried to get an undocumented girl kicked out of america . . . has been kicked out of his college
burger king drive thru employee goes viral after helping diabetic woman
salem man says he rescued bear cub that was close to death
faithful chihuahua saves toddler from two pitbulls , dies . ( spanish ) ( bittersweet )
landmark dinosaur discovery in egypt could be tip for other desert finds | toronto star
rail station hosts homeless for christmas
california governor signs new criminal conviction requirement for civil forfeiture
abandoned 22 year old cat spends old age ticking off bucket list
pro hockey player purchases suite so that underprivileged children can attend games
los angeles county libraries allow kids to read away late fees
kites could soon power an entire region of scotland
duke energy plans to close all of its nc coal plants . but itll take a while .
tasmania to reach 120% renewable electricity in five years , labor pledge
the world ' s largest car supplier , bosch , says it will be fully carbon neutral by 2020 , making it the first major industrial company to take that step .
a brooklyn subway platform attendant , who makes sure riders get on crowded trains safely , was given a heartfelt goodbye before his transfer to another station . " he just makes everybody happy , " a rider said .
astronaut sets world records by running aboard space station
dad ' s inspirational response to his son ' s down syndrome .
polish olympian sells rio medal to save boy battling cancer
16 year old south african schoolgirl creates polymer that could help solve nation ' s drought crisis
ga . school superintendent gives up $10k bonus to help students apply to college
savile row ( very posh designer suits etc . ) have made christmas stockings full of presents for nhs hospitals
italy adopts new law to slash food waste
us supreme court overturns alabama court ruling against same sex adoption
the bahai laws are designed to help , not control .
poll showing 74% support for circumcision ban on eve of danish parliament debate
dad ' s open letter thanks ' rubbish truck guy ' who makes his son ' s day every tuesday
wash u researchers awarded $24 million in effort to eradicate tropical diseases
now hiring: a company offers drug treatment and a job to addicted applicants : npr
baby cow rescued from hurricane floodwaters is now ' part of our family '
cat saves family from carbon monoxide poisoning
arkansas mom buys 1 , 500 pairs of shoes from closing payless to benefit less fortunate
the woman who survived the lowest body temperature ever
uzbekistans new president closes jaslyk prison camp
rebuilding mosul , book by book .
successful ebola vaccine will be fast tracked for use
inspiring tattoo artist is helping people cover up their self harm scars with beautiful art for free
the big bang of alzheimers: scientists id genesis of disease
bill gates , jeff and mackenzie bezos fund research to find a better alzheimers diagnosis
police officer in tennessee buys groceries for stranger ' s family after credit card gets declined
justice department accounces an end to use of private prisons !
the earth nation is an international alliance dedicated to empowering positive systemic change across the world . universal basic income , intentional ecovillage communities , transformational festivals , social good project financing , and so much more .
inspiring woman who types with her tongue
yulia skripal , the poisoned daughter of russian ex spy sergei , has been discharged from hospital
why this country parcels babies in boxes
renewables generated a record 65 percent of germanys electricity last week
same sex marriage done in hindu temple in india . hinduism has no problem with same sex marriage .
3 year old in north carolina uses lemonade stand sales to buy diapers for moms in need
homeless man ' s tires slashed , community comes together
target bringing back teacher discount on school supplies , clothing
photographer turns disabled children into the justice league
bob dylan pens gracious , thoughtful nobel prize speech
6 year old with terminal cancer graduates high school
good samaritans rescue an infant and toddler from texas floodwaters
chinas lunar lander and rover wake up after two week nap
boy , 5 , thinks haircut makes him look identical to best friend , even though they ' re different races
homeless man surprises compassionate shoppers with $100 bills
facebook to add seeing eye guides for blinds persons
norway to ban full face veil in nurseries , schools and universities
bill gates donates $4m for gene altered mosquitoes that kill with sex
toronto police play backetball with kids after receiving an unnecessary complaint
irish beach washed away 33 years ago reappears overnight after freak tide
how minecraft has been improving children ' s lives over the past 10 years
refusal to fire employee in same sex marriage results in split between indy school , archdiocese
hong kong allows fleeing saudi sisters to stay another month
sikhs provide sanctuary to kashmiris caught in ' revenge ' attacks
childless seniors being ' adopted ' by families
elma woman aids robbed , stranded traveler on his way to new york city
operation north pole gives seriously ill kids and their families a party at the " north pole
uk government invests nearly $100 million into electric vehicle research
teddy bear , girl reunited after fort lauderdale airport shooting
life saving lung transplant allows man to walk his daughter down the aisle
ghost town swells from zero to 3 , 000 for annual outback rodeo in quamby , queensland
city donates recycled , refurbished bikes to local at risk youth
anonymous donor pays off all layaway gifts at toys ' r us in lynnwood , wa
she called off her wedding then gave it away to a bride she had never met
siberian mayor ' s drive to sell off council cars to fund social programs
darth vader returns to blacksburg , cleans his adopted roadway
i made a chrome extension to replace facebook ' s depressing trending news with /r/upliftingnews
iconic 9/11 flag , missing for years , returns to new york city
fda has now approved a syringe that can be used to block a bullet wound in 20 seconds , is going to be available for home use soon ( x post /r/futurology )
blake griffin &amp; justice , ( a child with cancer ) , design custom shoes together for blake to wear for wednesday ' s game . they ' re auctioning the kicks for children ' s hospital of la
the american abortion rate is at an all time low
hero vets save rescued bear suffering from life threatening spinal injury
messi ' s biggest fan " , afghan boy bags real messi shirt
muslim cleric who hid christians during attacks honored in the us
india to train 45 countries in nano satellite making
grand rapids man and twin sister prepare to celebrate 100th birthday
new zealand baby rescue: fisherman pulls 18 month baby from ocean
man dies of cancer 45 mins after final wish of meeting man united players
a 5 year old boy is credited with saving the lives of more than a dozen people after warning them to get out of a burning home when the fire alarms apparently malfunctioned .
teen invites ' superhero ' 8 year old boy battling cancer to her senior prom
new " googly eye " optical illusion will prevent avian deaths due to man made hazards ( wind turbines )
supermarket chain to sell food up to a month past its best before date in attempt to slash waste the scheme does not include any products with a use by date , including meat , fish and dairy first time a major uk food retailer has begun selling food outside its best before date .
congress is holding a key vote to bring back net neutrality !
how a stranger ' s gift ' for the beautiful baby ' restored 1 mom ' s faith
average pay for new college graduates hits $49 , 785 , highest in at least a decade
armenia to become worlds first country to switch government fleet to solely electric cars
tuskegee airmen land in tuskegee 75 years later
santa maria valley ymca donates food and other items to good samaritan shelter
twitter plans aggressive crackdown on hate and abuse with new update
nova scotia becomes 1st canadian province to ban cat declawing
supreme court allows passive euthanasia with guidelines
moving in the right direction
same sex couples can now adopt children in all 50 states
love &gt; hate: bullies ruined a school kid ' s day , fellow nerds rose up to help ( x post /r/pokemon )
mom praises police for kind response to autistic son ' s episode .
tesla driver sacrifices his model s to help save a man having a stroke on the highway
gay man wins court fight in china over forced conversion therapy
man leaves 5 on ambulance to thank paramedics for blocking drive
auto repair shop jump starts ugandan child soldiers into new lives
suck on that
young scientists develop bacteria to stop plastic pollution ! know how
tech group building wheelchair for disabled kitten
military father surprises andrews , texas football player
sunpower breaks world record for efficient solar panels
hero dog takes bullet for owner during brooklyn robbery , survives
parliament: proposed penal code changes include allowing men to be considered rape victims
moving company will help you leave an abusive partner for free
young boy delivered over 65k doughnuts to thank police accros the country
burning itch: shocking video shows how eczema and psoriasis creams
dog rescued from salt flats healthy , responding to treatment after brush with death
the baby in the plastic bag: an absolutely amazing tale of human compassion
that time #ramona made everyone smile for a few minutes
german workers win right to 28 hour week following industrial action: collective deal covers around 900 , 000 metal and engineering workers but is expected to prompt changes across germany and in other industries .
alan turing revealed as new face on 50 bank note
from growing in zambia with no shoes to the olympics . . . twice . the true story of prince mumba .
indianapolis farmer set to establish urban farm to feed , employ low income inner city families
pints for pups raised money for homeless pooches
mookie betts provided warm meals to the local boston homeless community after game 2
elon musk pledges to pay for clean water to homes in flint , michigan: please consider this a commitment that i will fund fixing the water in any house in flint that has water contamination above fda levels
hero " dog saves owner by shielding her from house fire
aggressive squirrel gets evicted from santa cruz tree , goes down biting: neighborhood safe again
gymnasts from north &amp; south korea take a selfie together
cost plunges for capturing carbon dioxide from the air | science
sikh army captain allowed to wear beard , turban in uniform
guidance counselor hailed as hero for talking student out of school shooting
family reunited with dog after 7 years , and they also adopt the one eyed buddy he made along the way .
heres to all the tv romances that didnt make it
man has good samaritan to thank for $273 million lottery win
miracle as baby girl ( 1 ) wakes from coma after family prevented doctors from switching off life support
fewer people exposed to horrors of war
inaugural ' dog celebration ' results in several pet adoptions
hundreds line up to adopt shelter pets in indianapolis , save over 600 animals
epitaph records will donate all profits from the sale of all records sold worldwide to the band , the ghost inside , indefinitely , after a horrific bus accident .
a healthy group of tasmanian devils has been discovered in australia , giving new hope for the survival of the endangered species .
yevgeny kosovskikh provides free medical care to homeless people in the russian city of chelyabinsk . after current time first aired a story about his work last year , donors came forward with money and supplies to keep his mobile practice running .
a free car for a southern colorado veteran and hope for a better future
autism at work for jpmorgan chase: delaware companies find value in autistic workers
after 18 years , it is bowdoin employees time to graduate
' hundreds ' offer injured police dog a home
prince william reveals he almost killed his cousin and got a ' bollocking ' from the queen for it
using the force for good ! high school senior rents out movie theater , asks for toys for donations as price of admission .
new technology could slash carbon emissions from aluminium production technology has been unveiled that could drastically cut greenhouse gas emissions from aluminium production , in a development that could transform the way one of the worlds most common materials is made .
17 year old loses 325 lbs before &amp; after pics
nasa ' s parker solar probe launches mission to the sun
nearly 44 indians come out of extreme poverty every minute: study
to the stranger who noticed my open sunroof during a thunderstorm . . . i thank you with all my heart for your random act of kindness
statistics from the veterans administration have shown that every day , 22 men and women who have served our country commit suicide . the non profit patriot paws in rockwall , texas aims to curb that by pairing service dogs with veterans .
spacex to send privately crewed dragon spacecraft beyond the moon next year
strangers give bride early wedding so dad with cancer can walk her down the aisle
this guy in my town waves to everyone who drives over a busy bridge . been doing it for ages , finally gets put in the news ! love this guy .
jamaican becomes canadas first black naval commander
astros complete stunning rise and win first world series over dodgers
baby bobcats rescued during house fire
large expansion to ' blue belt ' of uk ' s protected marine areas announced | environment
nintendo switch sales of " blossom tales " saves game studio castle pixel from shutting down after it surpasses steam ' s lifetime revenue 20 times
grandad who ran women only race for life in drag donates money to clatterbridge cancer research
mlb pitcher donates $9 . 75m mansion to special needs camp
one died at pearl harbor , the other lived . seventy five years later , they ' ll be reunited .
girl with cancer fulfils wish to become a police officer
9 year old girl finishes us navy ' s bulldog challenge to raise awareness against bullying
no . of suicides in japan dropped in 2016
fda weighs legalizing interstate sales of cannabis based cbd in food and drinks
community comes together to paint over racist vandalism on african american neighbor ' s home
greenpeace halts campaign against palm oil trader that has ' come a long way '
cambridge scientist on verge of curing multiple sclerosis
rob lowe makes dying fan ' s dream come true with heartfelt video
dogs and cats flown in from texas for adoption in bay area sfgate
first responders , members of public , salute fallen abbotsford , bc police officer as he ' s transported down the highway of heros
critically endangered rhino who was given the royal seal of approval before being released back into the wild in africa from uk has given birth to a healthy baby calf .
starbucks canada announces commitment to donate all of its unsold food
mum with ill baby reduced to tears after first class passenger gives up his seat
after 15 years of tyranny , opposition has won in the capital ankara and istanbul in turkey .
world ' s biggest bee spotted alive for the first time in decades
bed stuy biggie mural to stay after landlord ' s change of heart , artist says
arkansas teen works part time gig for two years to buy his buddy an electric wheelchair
guinness confirms israeli holocaust survivor , 112 , may be world ' s oldest man
schoolboys lend taxi fare to year 7 student who got on the wrong bus
south koreans dare to hope of once unthinkable peace with kim | many hope peace and reconciliation is at hand
canadian air traffic controllers order pizza for unpaid us counterparts during shutdown .
lad who wears heart in a backpack won ' t let that stop him
15 year old helps blind , deaf passenger communicate during flight
prayer ground flooded , sikhs offer gurudwara to muslims for eid prayers
cops pay for groceries of shoplifter in emotional act of kindness
helpline for troops battling ' devastating ' mental health issues
' friendship bench ' program proves effective at alleviating mental illness symptoms
belizes incredible barrier reef recovers from ' in danger ' status
cornwall teenager saves dad with cpr learnt from tv show house
this 8 year old is selling dozens of his paintings to benefit austins homeless
soar khalil soar ! nearly 250 strangers give a baltimore teenager $30 , 000 he was featured in a washington post article that detailed his struggles to graduate from one of baltimores most troubled high schools .
seattle mom prom celebrates women and raises money for charity
rescuers: mysterious voice led to baby 14 hours after fatal crash
former gang rivals providing affordable meals with ' trap kitchen '
cosmic dust survives in huge supernova watch nasas visual
paralyzed ohio woman takes on appalachian trail
australian parents who refuse to vaccinate their children will now be given monthly fines
8 year old becomes youngest girl to climb mount kilimanjaro
melbourne paramedic saves doctors life thanks to first aid app
phonebox baby reunited with man who found her 22 years ago
my friend and his wife opened a wedding venue , they just gave away a free wedding and didn ' t even tell anyone . somehow the news found out . so proud
drowning victim thanks honolulu first responders for saving his life: honolulu first responders transport more than 56 thousand patients to hospital emergency rooms each year . but , rarely do their patients have the opportunity to thank them face to face .
car stolen in 1979 returned to owner after lifted from watery grave
this jogger fought off sexual assualt
hitlers house of birth to be torn down
witness touched by cam newton ' s kindness to homeless person in baltimore
mans ashes recovered 3 days after being stolen in sf sfgate
to focus on students ' emotional well being , india tries ' happiness classes ' : daily 35 minute lessons focused on meditation and creative exercises
effective treatment for ptsd finally being recognized after 35 years of research .
the us food and drug administration ( fda ) approved on monday an advanced cancer treatment drug that combats solid tumors caused by a rare genetic mutation
german union wins right to 28 hour working week and 4 . 3% pay rise
meet the rollettes: the wheelchair dance team that will wow you
' amazing ' : service dog george helps 11 year old bella with rare disorder walk
gee wizzer ! hurricane irma reconnects dog missing 5 years with owner
a 12 yo makes shelter animals cool bow ties , helps them get adopted
volunteer rescue team went rogue to rescue pets from fort mcmurray fire
she was evicted at 88 , and then a neighbor stepped up
texas has hired its first ever director of human trafficking prevention
the washington post got free pizza today from readers saying " thanks " for its trump reporting
storing vaccinations without refrigeration
a lifetime apart , strangers living a mile apart find they are half sisters by als patient fundraiser
morehouse college grads are surprised by a billionaire ' s promise to pay off their student loans .
aclu wins emergency , national stay of trump ' s refugee ban
nigerias army set up a soccer league to stop boko haram from radicalizing youth
101 year old great grandma shares her secret to longevity and it ' s delicious
firefighters fish shivering dog out of frozen creek
renewable capacity addition catches up with thermal power in india
colombia ' s big comeback: how the country went from being the cocaine capital of the world to a latin american success story .
iceland charity to hold new year ' s party for asylum seekers
elon musk helps students in mi charter school get access to chromebooks
rescued south korean dog meat dogs find temporary home in maryland
bob dylan and the pursuit of the perfect song lyric
we envision an economy where consideration for people and the planet is a natural part of doing business and according to this vision , we have created scalable ways to improve our supply chain and product
house panel unanimously passes 9/11 fund for victims after jon stewart ' s testimony
after it was revealed over 311 , 127 australians were caught up in the improper use of facebook data by cambridge analytica , the australian information commissioner has opened an official facebook investigation . the investigation will consider whether facebook has breached the privacy act 1988 .
there are tiny parks for bees hiding on the roof of these bus stops . in the dutch city of utrecht , the roofs of hundreds of bus stops were recently covered with low growing succulent plants called sedum . its not to make them look good . its to create new habitats for bees and butterflies
france to shut down all its coal power plants by 2023
florida man uses free time to clean hundreds of gravestones to honor veterans
91 year old wwii vet gets high school diploma with grandson
this women designed tableware for people with dementia after being inspired by her grandmother
three california men have been granted french citizenship for their role in thwarting a terror attack on a french train in 2015 .
mom shaves her head to help her little girl cope with brain surgery
new york nun ' s amazing story of adoption from bessborough and her emotional reunion with mother
woman rescued after falling overboard from cruise ship
tourist boat sinking due to engine failure; 99 passengers rescued including a baby .
china is building the largest waste to energy plant in the world: it will turn a third of shenzhen ' s trash into energy every single day
orphaned monkey in china joins a herd of goats , and picks out a mother
lost dog survives two weeks in crocodile infested mangroves to reunite with family in ' miracle '
chp chase ends in suspect breakdancing
it ' s really irritating donald trump that the women ' s march is bigger than his inauguration
electric trucks powered by trolley wires are making their way to los angeles
88 year old mother reunites with daughter she thought had died at birth 69 years ago
george zimmerman says he ' s $2 . 5 million in debt and has no income .
nonverbal high schooler makes history by giving speech with assistive technology
after 6 days , soldier caught in siachen avalanche found alive
dogs dream about how much they love their humans , says harvard psychologist
london ' s great ormond street donations hit 2m in record breaking christmas appeal
reddit recovers lullabies from deceased mom
boy , 7 , buys pony after raising more than $2 , 000 selling lemonade for two years
cat seen scalded in facebook video rescued , being treated and is in good spirits .
researchers at washington state university have developed a method that can convert plastic waste including plastic bags , milk cartons and water bottles into diesel and jet fuel . this could be an environmental game changer . some 8 million tons of plastic end up in the worlds oceans every year
st . louis police buy ice cream truck to hand out free treats at events
diver on mission to retrieve 10 , 000 lbs of garbage from yellowknife lakes
4 year old with brain cancer has a christmas wish
canadian air traffic controllers send pizza to us workers affected by shutdown
koala drinks from woman ' s water bottle during victorian heatwave
busboy returns $3000 he found while working , anyone want to help to " tip " the honest fellow ?
teen shop worker goes above and beyond for autistic girl
deer trapped on frozen lake rescued and released by hunters
this $1 cup could save millions of babies
murder rate declining in india
the nigerian girls: 82 released
james woods helps alyssa milano , holly marie combs with horse rescues during southern california fires
george h . w . bush treats elementary school students to surprise visit
premature babies offered donated breastmilk in tasmanian first
gym commitment earns 92 year old a free gym membership
teen turning plastic bags into sleeping mats for homeless
fire fighters save a beautiful spaniel who got stuck on the roof lol
paralyzed brothers pick up customized minivan after strangers raise $80 , 000
california inmates help battle raging wildfires
even a ' bad ' flu vaccine could save 61 , 000 lives
serena williams engaged to reddit co founder alexis ohanian
meet the new peacock spiders people are getting excited for
charlotte/matthews nc woman leaves free handmade scarves on benches , fences , trees and statues across uptown for those in need .
meet the adventurous cat who lives on a boat with his doggy companion
ottawa school choirs welcome to syrian refugees attracts worldwide attention
a ' cinderella story ' : a special girl , a special night and eric legrand
police officer stops m1 coma driver with his own car bbc news
grandparents raising grandchildren after daughter ' s death win $1m lottery
boy with down syndrome fulfills life long dream in front of terminally ill mom . thanks to two wonderful football teams
girl collects , donates stuffed animals to kids in hospitals
cancer treatment using nanotechnology tested with ' astounding ' results
refugees volunteer as firefighters
one of the most positive things i have ever seen in a negative situation: tibbetts patriarch embraced by hispanic community , says they are iowans with better food .
boy with diabetes saves pennies for 4 years to get service dog
watch: cop saves rest home resident jumping off balcony
pope francis criticizes ' mother of all bombs ' bomb name
new island hunga tonga hunga ha ' apai is now nurturing pink flowering plants , sooty tern birds , and even barn owls after being spawned by a volcanic eruption just four years ago
mount yamnuska climber rescued after suffering ' traumatic injury ' on forbidden corner calgary
second grader donates 40 , 000 pennies to help others
this is the little girl who saved her dads life by calling 999 and giving chest compressions after he suddenly collapsed .
three years after the ice bucket challenge and an als diagnosis , this marathoner is still competing
not sure if this fits here but small things can change peoples life a sex worker finds love
state helps homeless find housing which results in decreased long term medical and public costs .
wounded soldier embarks on road to recovery with the dog who never left his side: army spc . alec alcoser and his bomb sniffing dog , alex , have spent three years together on countless missions , most recently on a tour in afghanistan
double hand transplant recipient goes home in time for thanksgiving
kenya joins growing fight against plastic pollution
special needs teacher ivan flores got a surprise classroom makeover . the beloved teacher ' s dedication to his students originates from home . he ' s the son of a single mother , and he helped her raise his sister , who has special needs .
scotland is now believed to be the only country in the world where most of its political party leaders are openly lesbian , gay or bisexual .
uk architect helps locals rebuild nepal temple destroyed by earthquake
football player leaves a $500 tip at a restaurant
queen calls chinese delegation ' very rude '
john legend on appearing in surviving r . kelly documentary: it didnt feel risky at all . i believe these women and dont give a f about protecting a serial child rapist . easy decision .
city of austin , texas , working to house all homeless veterans by 2016
kindhearted brothers hand out brown paper bag lunches to 200 homeless in their new orleans community
a string quartet performed with instruments made from debris from march 2011 quake and tsunami that devastated northeastern japan . . . ensemble of musicians from japan and austria part of tsunami violin project , which aims at having 1 , 000 artists from around world play the instruments .
beavers return to italy after more than 500 years
man ' s best friend: owning a dog linked to lower risk of death , study says
homeless man with terminal cancer donates to holiday toy drive
us coach promotes wheelchair basketball in gaza
afghan mum cradling baby during university exam has gone viral after striking a chord in a country where most women are illiterate and treated as second class citizens .
seattle seahawks ' linebacker shaquem griffin set to make history by becoming the first one handed player to start in a nfl game
double amputee military veteran graduates from police academy
first boys ' rescued from thailand cave
1 . 5 million convicted felons in florida just regained the right to vote , and its a big deal
a gofundme for fired bicyclist juli briskman has raised $100 , 000
sri lanka to ban animal sacrifices at hindu temples
cecil the lion ' s death has triggered changes in the safari hunt industry
' she paid 50 cents for 8 rings and a string of pearls '
facebook friend of mine lost her phone in the ocean on vacation 9 months ago . yesterday someone found and returned it !
sheriffs deputy helps out homeless panhandler instead of citing him
suspected rhino poacher trampled by elephant , eaten by lions , south africa park officials say
thousands of internet users have joined forces to save mothe chandeniers chateau in france
voter enthusiasm soars among young people , democrats and minorities , says new poll
librarian in a rough chicago school starts a drive to get a book for each student and meets her goal .
giant panda no longer endangered
adelaide river crocodile guide harry bowman says farewell after 30 years
mounties step in to provide babysitting services for kids at b . c . daycare after operator fell ill
overcoming challenges with mental illness
on january 1 , 2019 , minimum wage increased in a record number of u . s . cities and states ( chart )
farmers stand in silence at auction so a young man can buy back his family farmhouse
local community gathers together to support family affected by fire
charlize theron on doing drugs in her 20s
customer picks up the tab for 30 national guardsmen
animators create short films to help families imagine futures of loved one ' s lost to distracted driving
renewable energy now accounts for a third of all global power capacity
robot operates inside british man ' s eye in world first ' fairy tale ' surgery
ikea to offer expanded parental leave in stronger job market
doctor assisted suicide legal in california starting thursday
boy , 7 , sworn in as detroit police chief for a day .
south carolina animal hospital donates 10 pet oxygen masks to first responders , making it their goal to make sure every first responder in grenville county has a mask since many fire department budgets don ' t cover the gear .
in 2011 , sonia vallabh was handed a genetic report that contained a death sentence: she carried the gene for a prion disease , fatal familial insomnia . she quit her job , got a phd and is now working with ionis pharma to develop a potential drug for her condition .
guy in england starts a soccer league to help obese men get back in shape
assyrian students sleep outside to help syrian , iraqi refugees
us doctor performs additional surgery on young patient ' s toy
funeral attendee ' s win big deceased ' s gambling tip
girl scouts add new badges for science , tech , engineering and math
couples maternity photos have people doing a double take
after decades of war , this jungle is now open for exploration scientists found rare , and likely new , species while guided through remote colombia by ex farc rebels .
oklahoma city police officer goes above and beyond for scared elderly woman
avaaz curbed the spread of disinformation during the eu elections by reporting detailed accounts of 700 pages to facebook
captain america and falcon paid a visit to the kids at local hospital
uk on path to zero carbon economy
nyc pilot program has cut failure to appear in court rate by 26% , reducing unnecessary warrants and jail sentences
feature: ethiopians set to rewrite history by planting 200 mln seedlings a day
north korean elite is turning against kim jong un , says defector
texas town relocates 100 year old oak tree , saving it from the chainsaw
real sociedad employ homeless man who was sleeping outside stadium
lost iphone in nyc was returned by these stellar young men ( x posted from /r/nyc )
' brightens everyone ' s day ' : cheerleader with down syndrome shows nothing is impossible
university of wyoming wrestling recruit , doyle trout , lost his leg in a car accident the spring of his high school graduation . wyoming chose to honor his scholarship and he is currently wrestling for the cowboys , and has won at least one match .
terminally ill 5 year old has ' dream wedding ' with best friend
5 year old ' star wars ' fan receives prosthetic stormtrooper hand
bodycam shows heart stopping moment officer catches kids dropped from burning building
more than 100 nyc students defy odds to graduate while homeless
convicted at long last: radical islamist cleric anjem choudary guilty of inviting is support bbc in london ( x post from /r/atheism )
man selling prized possessions to give friend final wish
teen shown on camera returning wallet ( and $1 , 500 ) to owner
montgomery rescue group is ' dog ' s best friend '
scotland to offer free sanitary products to all students in world first
boy who suffered up to 100 seizures a day has none in 300 days after being prescribed cannabis oil
pink dolphin spotted in louisiana
cambodia ' s 2nd richest man donates 98% of fortune to poor residents of his hometown each villager will receive us$500 , 000 , or 500 times the average annual wage
freed nigerian schoolgirls meet families after 3 years
sugary drink sales in philadelphia fall 38% after city adopted soda tax
in a world full of despair , heartache and pain its always nice to see someone doing something positive to give back to their community .
texas police officer gives young boy walking alone ride home , buys groceries for his family
chance the rapper bought almost 2 , 000 scalper tickets to his own festival to re sell to fans
lakers sign make a wish recipient with cancer to contract .
it ' s world food day ! here ' s an easy way to share the meal with hungry children
man helps student in a wheelchair from rain by provide an umbrella during random act of kindness
computer allows paralyzed patients to communicate and theyre happy with life
mother got her son back after suing the trump administration
this photographer captures the smiles of women around the world after he tells them they ' re beautiful
storytime: my boyfriend saved me from dying
kkk members leave clan after befriending black musician
new life for cat after rescuers remove 2 . 3kg of matted fur
strangers in ottawa , canada help a refugee learn how to skate
family playing pokemon go rescues abandoned puppies
' butterfly child ' given life saving skin
10 year old sells his drawings to buy toys for sick little brother: if hes happy , im happy
dna test proves former care worker is entitled to 50m country estate
south korea rules anti abortion law unconstitutional
man proposes to girlfriend &amp; her sister with down syndrome
man pays for a $3000 sausage at a fundraiser bbq .
ups driver who spotted ' call 911 ' scrawled on package helps save captive woman
tokyo 2020 olympic medals made from 80 , 000 tons of recycled mobile phones , electronics
a wedding , a honeymoon and 3 to 12 months to live
jpmorgan chase commits to 100% renewable energy by 2020 &amp; facilitating $200 billion in clean energy financing by 2025
james patterson donates $2 million to classroom libraries
stranger gives desperate florida shopper store ' s last emergency generator
tiny fluorescent carbon dots could make cancer treatment safer and more effective
stray dog becomes first to conquer himalayan summit after tagging along with climbing expedition
iowa basketball player purposely misses free throw so as not to pass former player who died in record book
abadan : church and mosque side by side
new ebola vaccine has successfully completed its first clinical trial of nearly 6 , 000 patients with 100% effectiveness ( x post r/science )
bystanders in nanaimo , b . c . , lifted car off womans chest , saving her life
dozens of strangers turn up at funeral for woman after learning no one was attending
colombian police officer luisa fernanda urrea saves an abandoned baby
chance the rapper announces $1 million donation to chicago public schools
renewable energy is becoming so cheap the us will meet paris commitments even if trump withdraws
california may start giving vouchers for diapers to families on welfare
the gaming forum that put aside squabbles to help an injured little girl
blood test could detect alzheimer ' s years before symptoms begin
costco spends $275 million to keep their rotisserie chicken at $5
kindergartener donates books to school media center
